( cnn student news ) -- march 8 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . north korea . california ; florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
manchester city are keen to sign anderlecht teenager evangelos patoulidis . the 14-year - old playmaker is regarded as one of the best talents to emerge from anderlecht 's youth set - up and has also attracted attention from arsenal and barcelona . the belgian starlet rejected a move to barcelona 's la masia academy when he was 12 as his family wanted him to continue his studies . he has continued to impress and city have held discussions with anderlecht chairman roger vanden stock in the hope of agreeing a compensation package . manuel pellegrini is looked to build for the future by snapping up hot property    evangelos patoulidis .
( cnn student news ) -- january 18 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- security forces arrested eight members of a group linked to al qaeda on friday in a spanish enclave in north africa , authorities said . " we have broken up a network responsible for sending combatants to al qaeda - linked terrorist groups operating in syria , " the spanish interior ministry said in a statement . the suspects were captured in ceuta , a spanish enclave that borders morocco . authorities said the network was based in ceuta and the nearby moroccan city of fnideq . it recruited , trained and paid for terrorists to fight in other countries .
three people died and 13 were injured when a german commuter train collided with a maintenance crane friday morning , german police said . the collision occurred on the track near the city of offenbach , outside frankfurt , police said . the driver and two construction workers were killed . several of the train 's 35 passengers were seriously injured and are receiving hospital treatment . german authorities are investigating the cause of the accident , police said . the train , a regional service , was traveling from frankfurt to hanau .
a 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck just over 150 kilometers ( 93 miles ) northwest off the coast of ternate , indonesia , on saturday , the u.s . geological survey reported . the quake struck at 10:31 a.m. local time at a depth of 35 kilometers ( 21.7 miles ) , according to the usgs , which initially called it a 7.3-magnitude quake . it was centered 156 kilometers east - northeast of bitung , indonesia , and 164 kilometers west of tobelo in the same south asian nation . the national weather service 's pacific tsunami warning center noted that the quake did not produce any destructive tsunami waves , though minor sea level fluctuations in some coastal areas were possible .
( cnn ) -- " the walking dead " fans always fill cnn.com 's comments sections and ireport with questions and observations about tv 's hottest show . we asked executive producer gale anne hurd and actors norman reedus ( fan favorite daryl ) and laurie holden ( andrea , one of the most - discussed characters this season ) to respond to the " dead"-heads in our community , in time for sunday night 's season finale on amc . as " talking dead " host chris hardwick might put it , thanks for submitting your quemments ! ( and in case you did n't know , this gallery contains spoilers about the third season of the show . )
washington ( cnn ) -- a man tried to jump the white house fence on friday , causing a brief lockdown while he was apprehended , law enforcement officials said . police declared the incident over after checking a briefcase and taking the man into custody . he was not identified . president barack obama was not at the white house at the time . he was in michigan for a speech and the signing of the farm bill .
( cnn ) -- a parachutist fell to his death saturday when his parachute failed to deploy during an air show north of tampa , the pasco county sheriff 's office said . the man , mark curto , 62 , had jumped from a biplane and died on the scene , sheriff 's spokeswoman melanie snow said . the pilot landed safely . curto was from tampa . the federal aviation administration and national transportation safety board have been notified , she said . plane carrying skydivers crashes in belgium .
( cnn student news ) -- february 10 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . georgia . falkland islands . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
a 7.1-magnitude earthquake struck just over 150 kilometers ( 93 miles ) northwest off the coast of ternate , indonesia , on saturday , the u.s . geological survey reported . the quake struck at 10:31 a.m. local time at a depth of 35 kilometers ( 21.7 miles ) , according to the usgs , which initially called it a 7.3-magnitude quake . it was centered 156 kilometers east - northeast of bitung , indonesia , and 164 kilometers west of tobelo in the same south asian nation . the national weather service 's pacific tsunami warning center noted that the quake did not produce any destructive tsunami waves , though minor sea level fluctuations in some coastal areas were possible .
by . simon jones . fleetwood are making an ambitious move for crystal palace striker stephen dobbie . the 31-year - old has turned down blackpool in favour of the league one side . on the way out : stephen dobbie is not part of tony pulis ' plans at crystal palace and is set to depart . meanwhile , palace are poised to sign cardiff striker fraizer campbell on thursday after a medical . cardiff accepted £ 800,000 bids from palace and leicester . firepower : crystal palace are set to pip leicester to the signing of cardiff striker fraizer campbell .
milan , italy ( cnn ) -- about 150 people were missing wednesday after a boat capsized in the mediterranean sea , the italian coast guard said . the boat was carrying about 200 passengers when it sank about 39 miles ( 62 kilometers ) west off the island of lampedusa in maltese waters , the coast guard said . maltese authorities were heading the rescue operation with the italian coast guard assisting . darkness and poor weather hampered the search when the first rescue boats arrived early wednesday morning , officials said . since then , rescue vessels have rescued 48 people and were looking for the rest . the passengers are believed to be of tunisian descent .
( cnn ) -- as the ceo of guardian life insurance , deanna mulligan has joined a small but powerful group of female business executives on the fortune 500 list . she talks to " leading women " about life at the helm of the 150-year - old insurance giant and how opportunities for female professionals are growing day by day . with women only holding 4.2 % of fortune 500 ceo positions , cnn takes a look at the pearls of wisdom shared by some of the world 's leading businesswomen on getting to the top -- and staying there . lauren said - moorhouse contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- at least 16 people were killed and 22 injured when a suicide bomber driving an explosive - laden car detonated near a car dealership in a town northeast of baghdad , police said . balad ruz is a mixed town of arab , kurd and turkmen residents , located in diyala province . violence was also reported in baghdad , where shootings and explosions were blamed for six deaths and injuries to more than 20 others , police in the capital said .
( cnn)you may want to plan a bbc binge - watching party . according to what 's on netflix now , the streaming service may be losing favorites like " doctor who " and " luther " come january 31 because of an expiring contract between the streaming service and bbc . that would mean missing shows like " little britain " and the original " house of cards . " of course , the " doctor who " fans have already launched a petition to " save the show " on netflix . we ' ve got our fingers crossed that the pair can work things out . if not , there 's always amazon prime .
( cnn ) -- a tornado touched down in central illinois saturday , police said , but there were no immediate reports of injuries . the peoria county sheriff 's office said the tornado touched down in elmwood , illinois , on saturday night . pictures from cnn - affiliate wmbd showed a twisted gas station awning and streets covered with debris , branches and broken glass . the tornado ripped through downtown elmwood and tore the second stories off buildings , wmbd reported . authorities had closed major roads in the area , wmbd said . severe weather was reported across much of central illinois saturday night as much of the area remained under a tornado warning , according to the national weather service .
( cnn ) -- a car bomb detonated on a busy street in southeastern baghdad on wednesday night , killing 14 people and wounding 51 others , authorities said . several shops and vehicles nearby were damaged in the explosion in a predominantly shiite neighborhood known as new baghdad . in a separate incident wednesday night , three mortar rounds landed inside the heavily fortified green zone in central baghdad , iraq 's interior ministry said . it 's unclear whether there were any casualties . the green zone houses iraqi government offices , as well as the u.s . and british embassies .
( cnn ) -- living golf 's resident pro adam scott shows the tricks of the trade that have helped him conquer some of the world 's toughest courses . whether it is acheiving a better drive , improving approach shots to the green or tackling testing bunkers , scott has the tips to help your game . improve your game by following the living golf lessons every month on cnn.com .
washington ( cnn ) -- an underground transformer fire about two blocks from the white house prompted evacuations of two washington hotels , fire officials said saturday night . flames shot up through a sidewalk on f street nw between 14th and 15th streets after 8 p.m. , said pete piringer , a spokesman for the district of columbia fire department . the historic willard intercontinental hotel and the w hotel were evacuated and a couple of blocks were without power , piringer said . the fire was largely contained , he said , and no injuries have been reported .
manchester city have loaned ghana youth international divine naah to nac breda for the remainder of the season . the 18-year - old attacking midfielder had been on loan for the last six months at stromsgodset . however , he featured in only three games for the norwegians . manchester city 's 18-year - old attacking midfielder divine naah has joined dutch side nac breda on loan . he signed for manchester city last summer after spending seven years in the right to dream academy in his native ghana . naah is the sixth player added to nac 's squad in recent weeks as they face a battle against relegation . the 18-year - old is known as ' mallam ' .
( cnn ) -- it may have started as a tv debate about the israel - hamas conflict , but it 's now turned into a seemingly endless online war of words between russell brand and fox news anchor sean hannity . the british comedian , actor and occasional political commentator branded hannity a " terrorist " last week after the conservative u.s . pundit berated a palestinian guest on his show during a heated debate over israel 's ongoing war with hamas militants in gaza -- a conflict that has claimed the lives of hundreds of palestinians and dozens of israelis in the past month . .
( cnn ) -- the australian navy has destroyed nearly 353 kilograms ( 780 pounds ) of heroin after intercepting the drugs on a smuggling vessel off the coast of tanzania , the australian department of defense said friday . authorities estimate the street value at 706 million australian dollars ( $ 630 million u.s . ) . a team from the aircraft carrier hmas melbourne boarded the smuggler ship wednesday during a sweep , according to a prepared statement . it tested the substance on board , determined it to be heroin , then confiscated it . members then extracted samples and destroyed the rest .
( cnn ) -- the daughter of sen . dick durbin died saturday from a congenital heart condition , the illinois democrat 's office said . " chris durbin , 40 , fought a heroic lifelong battle with heart disease and our thoughts and prayers are with the entire durbin family , " said durbin 's spokesman , joe shoemaker . chris durbin worked for 16 years for the u.s . department of agriculture in washington . survivors include her husband , marty johnson , and son , alex . her death comes as dick durbin , the second - ranking democrat in the senate , seeks a third term in tuesday 's general election . funeral arrangements for his daughter were not immediately announced .
( cnn ) -- five crew members and a fishing vessel are missing off the coast of nova scotia , a canadian official said monday . the miss ally sent out an emergency beacon about 76 miles ( 123 kilometers ) southeast of liverpool , nova scotia , captain doug keirstead of joint task force atlantic said . coast guard units from canada and the united states are searching for the missing boat , which disappeared late sunday in an area hit by 30-foot seas and wind that exceeded 74 mph ( 119 kph ) . an empty life raft was found monday morning , keirstead said . the miss ally was registered in shelburne , novia scotia .
( cnn)once hillary clinton 's official announcement went online , social media responded in a big way , with terms like " hillary clinton , " " # hillary2016 , " and yes , even " # whyimnotvotingforhillary " trending . certainly , you could n't go far on twitter ( even before clinton tweeted her announcement ) , without an opinion or thought on her new campaign ( there were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour , and 750,000 facebook video views so far by sunday evening ) . some tweeted their immediate support , with one word : .
( cnn ) -- pirates have hijacked a norwegian tanker off the coast of madagascar and are steering the ship toward somalia , the ship 's owner said . the captain of the ubt ocean called the technical director for broevigtank , the company that owns the ship , and reported that pirates had come aboard friday , said svenn pederson , ceo of broevigtank . contact with the captain has since been lost . but the company has been tracking the vessel . pederson said the ship was carrying fuel destined for dar es salaam , tanzania , and has 21 crew members aboard .
( cnn ) -- hundreds of law - enforcement officers were making arrests and executing search warrants thursday in arizona as part of an investigation into human smuggling , the immigration and customs enforcement agency said . authorities made at least 40 arrests in an investigation into the suspected smuggling of illegal immigrants in vans that took them from the border to tucson and phoenix , two officials with immigration and customs enforcement said . federal authorities scheduled a news conference for thursday afternoon to discuss what they called " a massive , yearlong investigation targeting the infrastructure of several major arizona - based human smuggling networks . "
( cnn ) -- at least 24 passengers have died in a collision in central punjab , a province in pakistan . a passenger van collided with a truck on a main street near the city of bahawalpur on tuesday morning , sohail tajik a senior police official from the area , told cnn . so far , 24 people have died , including seven women and one child from the same family . twelve other people were injured and have been moved to a local hospital , tajik said . " we have received and shifted 24 dead bodies and 12 injured to the victoria hospital in bahawalpur so far , " rescue worker majid saleem told cnn . journalist amir iqbal contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- at a press conference in dallas earlier this month , i listened as a hospital administrator made the now infamous revelation that a feverish man was allowed to go home from the emergency room even though he 'd recently been in liberia . that man , of course , turned out to be thomas eric duncan , who died the next week of ebola . reporters looked at each other and gasped in surprise . how could they have let duncan go home ? not me . i thought , " it 's happened again . "
( cnn student news ) -- may 18 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . russia & kazakhstan . new york city ; washington , d.c . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
maj . nidal malik hasan , the alleged fort hood gunman and a psychiatrist who worked in a hospital at the base , is blamed for the deaths of 12 soldiers and one army civilian employee , and for wounding at least 38 others . if convicted , hasan will join an infamous list of americans who have committed acts of mass murder . since 2005 , there have been at least 11 other incidents where gunmen have opened fire on groups of victims .
( cnn ) -- an american airlines plane flying from costa rica to miami made an emergency landing on colombia 's san andres island thursday , the airline said . the airline said a " mechanical issue " was behind the pilot 's decision to divert the flight to the island , located on colombia 's north coast . cnn affiliate caracol tv reported that smoke was seen in the cabin . flight 1204 was carrying 172 passengers and six crew , american airlines said . the passengers disembarked while the aircraft , a boeing 757 , was evaluated . no one was injured , caracol reported . uk - to - u.s . flight makes emergency landing in ireland .
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits libya in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 19 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
beijing ( cnn ) -- medical personnel and police responded saturday to an explosion in a terminal of the beijing capital international airport , china 's state - run xinhua news agency said . a man set off homemade explosives inside the airport 's terminal 3 , state television reported . the man was wounded , but no other injuries were immediately reported . the explosive used was black powder , the kind used in firecrackers , state television said . the man , identified as ji zhongxing , was transported to the hospital . flights at the airport were not affected by the incident .
( cnn)that statue was n't the only thing that was golden . this year 's oscars ceremony also yielded some hysterical memes . from lady gaga 's lobster - like gloves to reese witherspoon 's forehead , social media had zero chill . but do n't just take our word for it . and what the heck , john travolta ? no , seriously , what are you going through ?
( cnn)record - setting olympic swimmer michael phelps is taking the plunge . the gold medalist is engaged to girlfriend nicole johnson , according to their verified social media accounts . the couple announced the news early sunday morning on their twitter and instagram accounts . " she said yes , " phelps captioned a picture of him and johnson cuddling in the snow .
by . simon jones . benfica are interested in manchester united goalkeeper anders lindegaard who is available for sale . his agent michael stensgaard said : ' anders would consider staying in england , but he is actually open to other opportunities too . ' stensgaard told danish news agency ritzau : ' the important thing is the package is right considering the family , the sport ambitions and of course the finances . ' lindegaard has failed to dislodge david de gea as united 's no 1 and louis van gaal preferred to use english youngsters ben amos and sam johnstone in pre - season . up for sale : portuguese giants benfica are intertested in signing man united goalkeeper anders lindegaard .
a 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck early sunday off indonesia , according to the u.s . geological survey . the quake rattled a remote swath of sea between the pacific and indian oceans , north of australia and east of timor - leste , some 5.6 miles ( 9 kilometers ) deep , according to the u.s . agency . it was centered approximately 212 miles ( 340 kilometers ) west - northwest of saumlaki in indonesia 's tanimbar islands , 217 miles east - northeast of dili , timor - leste , and 226 miles of ambon , indonesia . neither the pacific tsunami warning center nor the japan meteorological agency issued tsunami warnings or advisories immediately after the tremor .
( cnn student news ) -- january 27 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . rio de janeiro , brazil . davos , switzerland ; slovakia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- december 9 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq . hawaii . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)an american was injured in a shooting friday near a royal palace in saudi arabia 's eastern province , the u.s . embassy in riyadh said . the embassy said two u.s . citizens were fired on near the palace in hofuf , saudi arabia . " one was wounded . there has been no fatality , " a statement from the embassy reads . no names were immediately released , and information about what led to the shooting and the assailant 's identity was n't available . " security forces are investigating , and the embassy is seeking further information about the incident , " the statement reads .
( cnn ) -- as part of cnn 's defining america project , cnn ireport is conducting a cultural census . we 're asking people to share a self - portrait , show off their handwriting , tell us what they typically eat for dinner , and more . this quiz on stereotypes is part of our series focusing on the self - portrait project .
( cnn student news ) -- september 2 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . • oklahoma & texas • iraq • tripoli , libya . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a plane carrying former president george w. bush was diverted to louisville on saturday night after the pilot reported the smell of smoke . the gulfstream iv aircraft was traveling from philadelphia international to dallas love field airports when the pilot reported the smell of smoke in the cockpit , said holly baker , spokeswoman for the federal aviation administration . she said the plane landed safely in louisville , kentucky . by early sunday morning , bush arrived safely home in dallas , his spokesman freddy ford said . bush 's legacy is on the mend . poll : you 're starting to remember bush fondly .
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities say they ' ve foiled a plot to assassinate two lawmakers . a group of suspected hitmen was arrested at a mexico city hotel and accused of planning to kill rep . ricardo monreal and sen . david monreal , brothers who are both federal legislators , mexico 's attorney general 's office said . authorities did not reveal a possible motive or specify how many people were arrested . both lawmakers are from mexico 's zacatecas state . cnnmexico.com contributed to this report .
new york ( cnn ) -- legendary football coach and broadcaster john madden is retiring , he announced thursday . john madden appears at the tv critics association press tour in beverly hills , california , in 2008 . " it 's been such a great ride ... the nfl has been my life for more than 40 years , it has been my passion -- it still is , " he said in a statement released by nbc sports . madden , 73 , was a hall of fame coach for the oakland raiders , but is best known to millions as an ebullient football commentator . he won 16 emmy awards for outstanding sports analyst / personality , nbc said .
producer 's note : when daniel furbish started a bike workshop at a community center in nashville , he did n't know that much about building or fixing bikes . he did , however , know what an important tool a bike can be for a kid with little or no other means of transportation . we met him to see how this little experiment turned into a full - time program that has helped hundreds .
blackpool have signed winger michael jacobs from wolves on loan until the end of the season . the 23-year - old has made just four starts this season and has not appeared for wolves since the start of december . attacking midfielder michael jacobs , 23 , can play on either flank or behind the striker . jacobs was a key part of the wolves side that won the league one title last season after joining from derby , initially on loan , in november 2013 . he made his name at northampton , coming through the club 's academy to make 100 appearances before derby swooped in 2012 .
stoke city have added bosnia striker vedad ibisevic to their list of possible targets . the stuttgart frontman impressed for his national side in their brief spell at the world cup in brazil , scoring against argentina - but bosnia left the competition after finishing behind the south americans and nigeria . ivisevic has impressed mark hughes and the welshman will now look to secure a deal to bring the 29-year - old to the britannia . hotshot : ibisevic was on target for bosnia in brazil , notching in their first match of the tournamnet . strike : the bosnian striker could help improve mark hughes ' options upfront at the brittania .
( cnn ) -- the recent incident involving chelsea and england captain john terry and queens park rangers ' anton ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . the decision by london 's metropolitan police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the october 23 match follows allegations made by manchester united 's patrice evra of racial abuse from liverpool striker luis suarez during an english premier league clash . these two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .
( cnn student news ) -- september 30 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . chicago , massachusetts & washington , d.c . china . puerto rico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- manti te'o 's twitter bio reads : " life is a storm .. you will bask in the sunlight one moment , be shattered on the rocks the next . what makes you a man is what you do when that storm comes . " well , as we all know now , that storm has most definitely come . time to man up . let 's get started , shall we ? mobile users : if you 're unable to see the storify below , click here . .
england take on sri lanka in the sixth odi of their series in pallekele needing a victory to force a decider . joe root 's century on wednesday secured a five - wicket victory for england in the fifth odi to keep them alive , but they still need two more wins to avoid a series defeat . alastair cook 's men will be hoping to build on their victory in pallekele to level the series at 3 - 3 ahead of the seventh odi on december 16 . follow the scores from pallekele here from 4.30am . joe root 's century guided england to victory in the fifth odi in pallekele on wednesday .
yaounde , cameroon ( cnn ) -- a french family kidnapped in northern cameroon earlier this year has been released , the cameroonian government said friday . the seven members of the family were handed over to government officials late thursday and are unharmed , said cameroon 's communications minister issa tchiroma bakari . the family of four children , their parents and an uncle were kidnapped in february in waza national park , a thickly forested area of northern cameroon popular among tourists and situated near the border with nigeria . read more : france says it will not negotiate with rebels who kidnapped family . read more : focus on islamist militants as french family seized in cameroon .
baghdad , iraq ( cnn ) -- at least 36 people were killed and 71 hurt monday in three vehicle bombings that rocked baghdad , an iraqi interior ministry official said . the blasts targeted hotels in central baghdad . the three explosions happened in quick succession near the palestine , babil and al - hamrra hotels , the iraqi official said . some news organizations have offices in the palestine and al - hamrra hotels .
( cnn ) -- one of africa 's brightest young writers , 31-year - old chimamanda adichie has already been recognised for her talent ; her debut novel was shortlisted for the orange fiction prize in 2004 . the nigerian novelist talks to cnn about her craft , her country and identity .
( cnn student news ) -- february 22 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china . cobb county , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the recent incident involving chelsea and england captain john terry and queens park rangers ' anton ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . the decision by london 's metropolitan police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the october 23 match follows allegations made by manchester united 's patrice evra of racial abuse from liverpool striker luis suarez during an english premier league clash . these two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .
( cnn ) -- at least 27 fishermen were missing after a vietnam - registered vessel sank in the south china sea , china 's state - run news agency xinhua reported on thursday , citing maritime rescue authorities . strong gales caused the phu tan to capsize and sink and the fishermen fell overboard , the report said . the accident occurred about 110 nautical miles to the west of sanya city in the southern island province of hainan , a south china sea salvage bureau spokesman said . a rescue vessel was headed to the site of the sinking , and a towboat was ordered to assist .
( cnn ) -- facetime : barham salih , prime minister , kurdistan regional government . as the us inches closer to the full withdrawal of its troops from iraq , not everyone is celebrating . the kurds in northern iraq fell victim to saddam hussein 's brutal regime more than 20 years ago . but even without him in power , they 're apprehensive about the future . mme sits down with the prime minister of kurdistan 's regional government , barham salih , to discuss the road ahead . marketplace middle east airs weekly at the following times ( all gmt ) : . thursdays : 1645 , . fridays : 0945 , . saturdays : 0715 , . sundays : 0615 , 1645 .
( cnn student news ) -- january 27 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . rio de janeiro , brazil . davos , switzerland ; slovakia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)that statue was n't the only thing that was golden . this year 's oscars ceremony also yielded some hysterical memes . from lady gaga 's lobster - like gloves to reese witherspoon 's forehead , social media had zero chill . but do n't just take our word for it . and what the heck , john travolta ? no , seriously , what are you going through ?
martin skrtel was carried off on a stretcher early on in liverpool 's fa cup quarter - final against blackburn , after landing awkwardly on his head . the slovakian defender needed eight minutes of treatment on the pitch , and was carried away wearing a neck brace and has been taken to hospital as a precaution . skrtel landed on his head after being caught in the face by an innocuous - looking challenge from rudy gestede in just the second minute of the game . video scroll down to see brendan rodgers give an update on skrtel 's conditionâ . martin skrtel was knocked unconscious after falling awkwardly following a challenge with rudy gestede .
( cnn ) -- a parachutist fell to his death saturday when his parachute failed to deploy during an air show north of tampa , the pasco county sheriff 's office said . the man , mark curto , 62 , had jumped from a biplane and died on the scene , sheriff 's spokeswoman melanie snow said . the pilot landed safely . curto was from tampa . the federal aviation administration and national transportation safety board have been notified , she said . plane carrying skydivers crashes in belgium .
( cnn ) -- the internet is captivated by the news that amazon is considering a future system that uses unmanned aerial vehicles , or drones , to deliver packages . some people spent hours examining the feasibility of such a plan and earnestly pondering the effects of weather , thieves and other factors . others , of course , just cracked jokes . twitter , as usual , had a field day with the idea . here are some of the funniest comments , memes and parody " drone " accounts . .
( cnn ) -- no world cup games to watch , no trash to talk , no bandwagons to ride . it was a sad day on twitter without the world cup . from # piersing to mexico coach miguel herrera 's raging enthusiasm , to the controversial luis suarez bite , the competition has been filled with moments made for social media . it does n't hurt that the united states is playing well . those who follow soccer were well prepared for friday 's silence , but bandwagon fans were bewildered to wake up and find themselves alone , thursday 's party over . here are a handful of suggestions to pass the time until saturday afternoon , when the knockout round begins . .
( cnn student news ) -- march 23 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . france . abu dhabi . wisconsin . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- february 17 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 22 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . israel . cyprus . south korea ; north korea . philadelphia , pennsylvania . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a train derailed in florida at the port of tampa early thursday , causing 15 rail cars to topple over and leading to an ethanol spill . firefighters used foam on the spill to reduce flammability , said tampa fire department capt . lonnie benniefield . the operation to upright the cars and clean up the spill are expected to last well into thursday afternoon . there was no immediate word on injuries .
new land rover discovery sport . hse luxury 2.2l sd4 diesel . on sale : early 2015 price : £ 41,195 . good . ray massey ( pictured ) tests the features on the new seven - seater land rover discovery sport in iceland . bad .
dougie freedman is on the verge of agreeing a new two - year deal to remain at nottingham forest . freedman has stabilised forest since he replaced cult hero stuart pearce and the club 's owners are pleased with the job he has done at the city ground . dougie freedman is set to sign a new deal at nottingham forest . freedman has impressed at the city ground since replacing stuart pearce in february . they made an audacious attempt on the play - off places when freedman replaced pearce but have tailed off in recent weeks . that has not prevented forest 's ownership making moves to secure freedman on a contract for the next two seasons .
( cnn ) -- a firefighter missing for eight days was found dead on friday in new mexico 's santa fe national forest , authorities said . token adams , a firefighter with the u.s . forest service , apparently died in an all - terrain vehicle crash , new mexico state police announced at a news conference friday . adams was last seen august 30 , riding an atv to investigate a possible fire in the holiday mesa area , according to john helmich , a spokesman with the forest service . more than 250 people had searched for the 41-year - old former navy seal , helmich said . the state police are investigating the crash . cnn 's amanda watts contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- from morocco to new york malika zarra has taken her mezzo - soprano voice across the world , crossing both musical and cultural boundaries . singing in french and arabic she 's redefining the term fusion and adding her unique sound to the world of jazz .
( cnn ) -- facetime : barham salih , prime minister , kurdistan regional government . as the us inches closer to the full withdrawal of its troops from iraq , not everyone is celebrating . the kurds in northern iraq fell victim to saddam hussein 's brutal regime more than 20 years ago . but even without him in power , they 're apprehensive about the future . mme sits down with the prime minister of kurdistan 's regional government , barham salih , to discuss the road ahead . marketplace middle east airs weekly at the following times ( all gmt ) : . thursdays : 1645 , . fridays : 0945 , . saturdays : 0715 , . sundays : 0615 , 1645 .
( cnn student news ) -- november 9 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . guatemala . japan . michigan ; utah . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- walking in on an already occupied bathroom can be awkward and uncomfortable , but when that occupant is a 12-foot python , it can be terrifying . but that 's just what happened to veronica rodriguez of college station , texas , last week when she discovered an african rock python in her bathtub . police and animal control officers were called and able to capture the intruder , which rodriguez surmises came through her open back door . aggieland humane society executive director kathy bice told cnn affiliate ktrk that the snake was legally owned and that its owner had reported it missing two months ago .
( cnn ) -- it 's the ultimate sporting world tour . the hsbc sevens world series comprises nine rugby sevens tournaments played across eight months in locations all around the world . the action began in australia in october and the series will come to a blockbuster conclusion in london in may . it 's a sport where athleticism is king and is accompanied by a carnival atmosphere everywhere it visits . in this interactive map , cnn takes you inside the tournaments which make up this truly global sporting celebration .
( cnn student news ) -- august 17 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . arizona & minnesota . afghanistan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- as the ceo of guardian life insurance , deanna mulligan has joined a small but powerful group of female business executives on the fortune 500 list . she talks to " leading women " about life at the helm of the 150-year - old insurance giant and how opportunities for female professionals are growing day by day . with women only holding 4.2 % of fortune 500 ceo positions , cnn takes a look at the pearls of wisdom shared by some of the world 's leading businesswomen on getting to the top -- and staying there . lauren said - moorhouse contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- ah gay paris , the city of lights , the fashion capital of the world ( just ignore what new york hipsters have to say on the subject ) . cnn sent former model and entrepreneur charlotte collard , musician and presenter myleene klass and our very own natasha maguder - a crack team of fashionistas if ever there was one - to forage behind the scenes at this year 's pfw ... .
starting wednesday , openly gay youths will be allowed to join scouting . boy scouts of america made the decision in may to accept them into their ranks .     the resolution took effect when the new year rang in . more than 60 % of the group 's 1,400-member national council voted back then at an annual meeting in grapevine , texas , for the change . " no youth may be denied membership in the boy scouts of america on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone , " the resolution said . the bsa , however , will maintain its ban on gay adult leaders .
( people.com ) -- reports that producers of nbc 's " the voice " plan to fire coach christina aguilera are baseless , says the network . " there is absolutely no truth to the rumor , " paul telegdy , nbc executive vice president , alternative programming , said in an official statement . aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition , which is set to premiere next february 5 in a key scheduling slot following the super bowl . cee lo green , adam levine and blake shelton will continue to work alongside aguilera in the coaching chairs . see full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn student news ) -- february 8 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . montgomery , alabama ; selma , alabama ; little rock , arkansas ; washington , d.c . china . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) -- at least three people were killed and 30 injured in an explosion near the governor 's compound in the city of lashkar gah in southern afghanistan thursday , authorities said . a suicide bomber driving a car apparently targeted a foreign armored convoy outside the town 's education department , said daoud ahmadi , a spokesman for the governor , who added that three women were among the injured . a spokeswoman for the british foreign office said three british nationals who were near the governor 's compound were injured when the blast went off . afghan president hamid karzai , who 's currently in europe , condemned the attack , a presidential spokesman said .
( cnn)paolo ballesteros looks so much like kim kardashian . and her little sister kylie jenner . and dakota johnson . and jennifer lopez . the actor and makeup artist from the philippines is gaining fans thanks to his instagram account , which features pictures of him transformed to look like various female celebrities . the 32-year - old , who hosts the filipino show " eat bulaga , " says he does it using just his skill with makeup and wigs . ballesteros told the huffington post that he stumbled upon his ability after watching tutorials on youtube . soon he was able to transform himself to look like everyone from cate blanchett to first lady michelle obama .
united nations ( cnn ) -- the u.n . general assembly voted tuesday in favor of a resolution calling for an end to the economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed by the united states against cuba . there were 186 member states in favor of the resolution , two against , and three abstentions . the vote is non - binding . it was the 20th consecutive year that the united nations has voted to condemn the u.s . embargo , which was put in place in 1960 . the two opposing votes came from the united states and israel .
( cnn student news ) -- december 21 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
angel di maria has given his first interview as a manchester united    player following his £ 60million british transfer record switch from real madrid . the argentina star has given united a boost during a troubled week in which they lost 4 - 0 to league one mk dons . he has also been getting familiar with his new surroundings , being pictured out and about in manchester this week . he - and the united fans - will hope he is in the squad to face burnley on saturday . like our dedicated manchester united facebook page . putting their shirt on him : mancheter united 's british record signing angel di maria . video i will help united return to the top - di maria .
( cnn ) -- former nfl star darren sharper has been fired by the nfl network , the channel 's vice president of communications told cnn . sharper had been suspended without pay after being accused of rape . he turned himself in to police in los angeles on thursday . sharper is wanted in new orleans in connection with the alleged rapes of two women . the orleans parish district attorney 's office in louisiana said sharper , 38 , and erik nunez , 26 , each face two counts of aggravated rape . if convicted , the two men face a possible sentence of life in prison without parole . the new orleans charges are in addition to charges sharper already faces in california .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- actor michael madsen was arrested after getting in a scuffle with his teenage son friday , the los angeles county sheriff 's department said . madsen , 54 , was arrested friday afternoon after deputies were called to his malibu home , according to a sheriff 's department statement . " madsen , an actor , appeared under the influence of alcohol got into a physical altercation with his teenage son , " the statement said . the teen did not need medical attention . madsen , who starred in the movie " kill bill , " faces a charge of cruelty to a child . bail was set at $ 100,000 .
sportsmail 's neil ashton and charles sale heaped praise on nathaniel clyne and wayne rooney after england 's 3 - 1 win against scotland at celtic park . both neil and charles were delighted to see rooney move a step closer to becoming england 's all - time top scorer . they also commented on the outstanding atmosphere at celtic park during the international friendly encounter .
( cnn ) -- a fuel tanker rammed into a bridge and exploded into a ball of fire thursday , killing 22 people and sending flames sweeping over the saudi arabia capital , state television reported . in addition to the fatalities , at least 111 others were wounded , according to the report . the accident occurred at a busy intersection in riyadh . it affected an unknown number of cars and left buildings with gaping windows . read more : electrical fire kills 23 at saudi wedding .
( cnn ) -- san antonio defeated the miami heat 104 to 87 to claim the nba championship sunday night . " this is a team , and that 's what makes this so , so great , " spurs guard manu ginobili said . san antonio dominated the series , winning four games to one . each spurs victory was by at least 15 points . " hard to believe , is n't it ? ginobili said . " we played at a really high level . " the victory snaps the heat 's two - year championship run and hands san antonio its fifth nba title . spurs forward kawhi leonard was named the series mvp .
( cnn student news ) -- september 21 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iran ; strait of hormuz . atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- it may have started as a tv debate about the israel - hamas conflict , but it 's now turned into a seemingly endless online war of words between russell brand and fox news anchor sean hannity . the british comedian , actor and occasional political commentator branded hannity a " terrorist " last week after the conservative u.s . pundit berated a palestinian guest on his show during a heated debate over israel 's ongoing war with hamas militants in gaza -- a conflict that has claimed the lives of hundreds of palestinians and dozens of israelis in the past month . .
( cnn)that statue was n't the only thing that was golden . this year 's oscars ceremony also yielded some hysterical memes . from lady gaga 's lobster - like gloves to reese witherspoon 's forehead , social media had zero chill . but do n't just take our word for it . and what the heck , john travolta ? no , seriously , what are you going through ?
( cnn ) -- an american airlines plane flying from costa rica to miami made an emergency landing on colombia 's san andres island thursday , the airline said . the airline said a " mechanical issue " was behind the pilot 's decision to divert the flight to the island , located on colombia 's north coast . cnn affiliate caracol tv reported that smoke was seen in the cabin . flight 1204 was carrying 172 passengers and six crew , american airlines said . the passengers disembarked while the aircraft , a boeing 757 , was evaluated . no one was injured , caracol reported . uk - to - u.s . flight makes emergency landing in ireland .
( cnn student news ) -- august 31 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . tampa , florida ; gulf of mexico . london . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- october 5 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria ; turkey . denver , colorado ; toronto , canada . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 2 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . harrisburg , illinois ; wyoming ; cape cod , massachusetts . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)books , films , quiz shows , comedies , documentaries -- there 's not a lot british television legend stephen fry has n't done . the beloved writer , actor and twitter devotee will sit down with cnn 's max foster monday afternoon , and he 'll be taking the best of your questions . what do you want to know ? tweet your question for fry with # askfry or leave it in the comments below . then watch this space for the full interview . full coverage : awards season 2015 .
( cnn)one person was killed after more than 100 cars piled up on interstate 94 near kalamazoo , michigan , state police said friday . about 20 more were injured , with 10 of those injuries " more serious " in nature , michigan state police officer shane criger said . one of the tractor - trailers involved in the wreck was carrying fireworks that can be seen on video detonating .
arsenal have sent young midfielder jack jebb on a month 's loan to stevenage . the 19-year - old has yet to play for the gunners ' senior side and will be hoping to gain experience in league two . jebb scored three goals in five games as arsenal under 18s reached the semi - finals of the fa youth cup last season . young arsenal midfielder jack jebb has joined stevenage on a one - month loan deal . the box - to - box player is an england youth international . stevenage are currently 19th in the table and also welcome shrewsbury 's david mccalister to the club .
( cnn ) -- a small plane with five people on board crashed in lincolnshire , illinois , on monday night , authorities said . two people are believed dead , said elizabeth isham corey of the federal aviation administration spokeswoman . the others were hospitalized , she said . the piper navajo plane left jessup , georgia , and was five miles away from chicago executive air park when the pilot reported fuel problems , corey said . it crashed in the riverwood neighborhood in lincolnshire .
( cnn ) -- it may have started as a tv debate about the israel - hamas conflict , but it 's now turned into a seemingly endless online war of words between russell brand and fox news anchor sean hannity . the british comedian , actor and occasional political commentator branded hannity a " terrorist " last week after the conservative u.s . pundit berated a palestinian guest on his show during a heated debate over israel 's ongoing war with hamas militants in gaza -- a conflict that has claimed the lives of hundreds of palestinians and dozens of israelis in the past month . .
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn)three people were killed and five others were wounded thursday afternoon when a group of armed assailants stormed into the attorney general 's office in balkh province , northern afghanistan , according to a press release from the provincial governor 's office . although most staff members and civilians have been rescued , an exchange of fire between afghan security forces and the assailants is ongoing , the statement says . two police officers and a security guard of the provincial attorney general 's office were among the dead . afghan security forces are cautiously making advances in the fight in order to avoid civilian casualties , according to the press statement .
( cnn student news ) -- march 30 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . colorado & rhode island . afghanistan . north sea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- january 11 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . massachusetts ; florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
sportsmail 's boxing correspondent jeff powell looks ahead to saturday 's mega - fight at the mgm grand after witnessing floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao 's grand arrivals in las vegas . both boxers made public appearances on tuesday as their $ 300million showdown draws ever closer , and our man powell was there . powell reflects on the pair 's arrivals on the las vegas strip and looks forward to the rest of the week . watch the video below .
a suspected serial bank robber wanted in incidents in three east coast states has been arrested in medford , new york , the fbi said tuesday . agents and new york police arrested luis alomar , 37 , around 2:30 a.m. tuesday , the agency said in a statement . it did n't provide details of where he was arrested in the long island community or how he was located . the fbi had sought the public 's help monday in finding alomar , who is suspected of robbing 20 banks in new york , new jersey and delaware . alomar allegedly flashed a gun at tellers in some of the robberies , sometimes threatening to shoot them if they said anything , the fbi said .
world snooker has announced the death of former tour player lee spick . the sport 's governing body said spick had passed away at the age of 34 after a liver - related illness . spick was on snooker 's main tour from 2000 to 2010 , twice reaching the final qualifying round for the world championship . he dropped off the tour but returned on a two - year card in 2013 , but played in just two tournaments before his death . world snooker has announced the death of former tour player lee spick on monday , aged 34 .
stevie ray is determined to silence curt warburton once and for all in their third fight on saturday . the scotsman travels to newcastle to complete the trilogy at cage warriors 73 , live on mailonline . and he is confident he will retain his lightweight title and put warburton in his place . stevie ray ( pictured ) fights curt warburton at cage warriors 73 on saturday , and it is live on mailonline sport .
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits libya in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 19 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
( cnn ) -- as the ceo of guardian life insurance , deanna mulligan has joined a small but powerful group of female business executives on the fortune 500 list . she talks to " leading women " about life at the helm of the 150-year - old insurance giant and how opportunities for female professionals are growing day by day . with women only holding 4.2 % of fortune 500 ceo positions , cnn takes a look at the pearls of wisdom shared by some of the world 's leading businesswomen on getting to the top -- and staying there . lauren said - moorhouse contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- a study commissioned by digital music service spotify examined the relationship between music , romance and seduction . these soundtracks were top picks for both men and women , although the study 's author , music psychologist daniel mullensiefen , also pointed out that men are more willing to adjust their tastes in music in order to ensure " greater success in the bedroom . " top 20 songs considered ' better than sex ' . top 20 tracks to play during sex . . top 20 tracks for a romantic dinner . . top 20 tracks to flirt on the dance floor . . top 20 tracks to get ' in the mood ' .
( cnn ) -- qatar plans to build nine fully air - conditioned open - air stadiums to stage matches at the 2022 fifa world cup . click through the gallery above to see how the stadiums will look .
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
mogadishu , somalia ( cnn ) -- a security guard was killed and five others were injured when a car packed with explosives detonated saturday in mogadishu , officials said . the blast occurred in a seaside restaurant parking lot in the capital , somali police col . ali hassan told cnn . no group had claimed responsibility by late saturday . the wail of sirens echoed as residents and firefighters rushed to put out flames and smoke from scorched vehicles in the parking lot .
( cnn ) -- a tour bus accident in southwest tibet left at least 44 people dead , china 's state - run news agency xinhua reported via twitter saturday . xinhua cited a spokesman with the regional government . the bus was involved in a three - vehicle pileup along the national highway in nyemo county in tibet , according to xinhua . it crashed against a sports utility vehicle and a pickup truck , and then plunged into the valley . photos showed the wrecked bus resting upside down by a riverbank . photos also showed emergency personnel and rescue workers carrying passengers from the scene in stretchers . dozens of pieces of luggage were piled to the side of the retaining wall .
( cnn student news ) -- august 24 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . haiti ; tampa , florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
washington -- u.s . president barack obama will meet with french president nicolas sarkozy at the white house on january 10 , according to a white house statement released tuesday . france is assuming the presidency of the g-8 and g-20 economic groups in 2011 . obama " looks forward to working with president sarkozy to sustain the global economic recovery and create jobs , " the white house statement noted . " the two presidents will also discuss a broad range of current foreign policy and security issues . "
bacary sagna has thanked arsenal and arsene wenger in another clear message that he is set to quit the club this summer . the defender , part of france 's squad at the 2014 world cup in brazil , is widely expected to join manchester city in the next 48 hours despite previously being offered new terms by the gunners . the 31-year - old took to his twitter and instagram pages to post the lengthy message which signal the end of a seven - season association with arsenal during which he won the fa cup . on his way : bacary sagna is expected to move to manchester city from arsenal this summer . farewell : sagna posted this emotional goodbye to arsenal via social media .
cnn 's going green : oceans will take you above and below the water for a unique perspective on how coral reefs impact the world 's oceans and you . join cnn special correspondent philippe cousteau as he explores australia 's great barrier reef with scientists from the catlin seaview survey as they map the extraordinary eco - system with pioneering photographic equipment . watch the 30-minute going green : oceans special on friday march 29 at 15:30 gmt ( 11:30 et ) . join cousteau online immediately after the show at 16:00 gmt for a live one - hour twitter chat about ocean health and how you can help promote and preserve biodiversity beneath the waves . send your questions to philippe using # cousteaucnn .
( cnn student news ) -- april 5 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . north korea ; guam . china . france . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- four missing coal miners have " very little chance " for survival in a southwest pakistan mine that collapsed after a methane gas explosion sunday , a government official said . at least 48 of the 52 miners in the mine were confirmed dead , but just 28 of the bodies had been recovered by monday evening , according to sardar aslam bizenjo , the minister for irrigation in balochistan province . " there is very little chance of survival for remaining four , " he said monday . the mine in the soringe area , 35 kilometers ( about 22 miles ) east of quetta , caved in sunday after the explosion .
( cnn)if you feel a ripple in the force today , it may be the news that the official star wars universe is getting its first gay character . according to the sci - fi website big shiny robot , the upcoming novel " lords of the sith " will feature a capable but flawed imperial official named moff mors who " also happens to be a lesbian . " the character is the first gay figure in the official star wars universe -- the movies , television shows , comics and books approved by star wars franchise owner disney -- according to shelly shapiro , editor of " star wars " books at random house imprint del rey books .
( cnn)gunmen fired on police in a suburb of the southern french city of marseille on monday , the prosecutor 's office said . shots were directed at a police car , and police returned fire , according to prosecutors . there were no immediate reports of casualties . a swat team was sent to the scene . the gunfire erupted in castellane , a suburb in northern marseille that 's known for its drug - related activity . france has been under a heightened state of alert since last month 's terror attacks in paris that killed 17 people . french prime minister manuel valls is scheduled to be in marseille later monday .
( cnn ) -- manti te'o 's twitter bio reads : " life is a storm .. you will bask in the sunlight one moment , be shattered on the rocks the next . what makes you a man is what you do when that storm comes . " well , as we all know now , that storm has most definitely come . time to man up . let 's get started , shall we ? mobile users : if you 're unable to see the storify below , click here . .
by . pa reporter . aston villa have allowed back - up goalkeeper jed steer to join sky bet league one club doncaster on a three - month loan deal . steer joined villa on a free transfer from norwich last summer but , given the form of brad guzan , he made just three appearances , all in cup matches . it is the third loan spell of 21-year - old steer 's career as he has previously played for yeovil and cambridge during his time with the canaries . roving : jed steer has joined doncaster rovers on a three - month loan deal from aston villa .
( cnn ) -- another paris fashion week has come to an end with a bang . over the past week , cnn brought you all the action from behind the scenes and in the spotlight -- from head - turning looks on the catwalk , glamorous models and breathtaking set design , to the omnipresent kardashians hitting up the town in force and uber - fashionista carine roitfeld 's exclusive party . if you missed out , never fear . with a little help from bryanboy , chiara ferragni and facehunter who are part of a new blogging elite redefining the rules of fashion -- we bring you an instagram roundup of the hottest looks , people and parties . .
( cnn ) -- london , the birthplace of mod style , saville row and punk , has long since earned its reputation as the world 's most exciting and experimental fashion capital . two of our journalists set out to find the most quirky , compelling and quizzical pieces from the spring / summer 2015 collections , as documented through the wonderful world of social media . .
less than 72 hours after retaining his ufc light - heavyweight title , jon jones checked himself into a treatment centre having tested positive for cocaine . the failed test , which took place a month before his fight with daniel cormier in las vegas , will have no impact on his status as champion . cormier was quick to come out in support of his opponent , as was ufc president dana white along with new sponsor reebok . but there was a mixed reaction from his fellow fighters who immediately took to twitter . jon jones on his way to beating daniel cormier to retain his ufc light - heavyweight title in las vegas .
( cnn student news ) -- december 14 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china & japan . syria . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
police have located 12-year - old selwyn warren who went missing inside and adelaide shopping centre on monday morning . south australian police confirmed that selwyn was found ' safe and well ' after they appealed to the public for assistance . selwyn had been missing since 9 am on monday when he was last seen by a family member near the firle shopping centre , just north east of adelaide 's cbd . selwyn warren has been missing since 9 am on monday when he was last seen by a family member near the firle shopping centre , just north east of adelaide 's cbd .
( cnn ) -- thank you to everyone who took part in our mystery photo challenge ! congratulations to everyone who answered hong kong . to recap , here are the clues we provided : . hint one : more than seven million people live in the territory where this port is located . hint two : it is one of the busiest container ports in the world , handling 23.7 million containers in 2010 . hint three : its central location means it is an important hub for the region , with container line services going to approximately 480 destinations around the world .
( cnn student news ) -- october 21 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . libya . new york city & los angeles . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- november 9 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . guatemala . japan . michigan ; utah . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the french open is the second grand slam of the tennis season , and it is widely regarded as the most grueling to win -- two weeks of often epic , grinding matches on the energy - sapping red clay of roland garros . cnn 's open court talked to the five past women 's champions to get their insights into what it takes to be a winner in paris . click on the above video to start the story , and then hear from defending champion maria sharapova , li na , francesca schiavone , svetlana kuznetsova and ana ivanovic by clicking on the panel strips to the side .
( cnn ) -- the mediterranean city of nice , france , draws celebrities and tourists from all over the world -- for good reason . check out ireporters ' snapshots above to see why and get some ideas for your trip . related story : live it up on the french riviera .
cardiff city have made an ambitious move to take matt jarvis from west ham . the 28-year - old has been limited to just one premier league start so far this season for the hammers . jarvis has appeared a further four times but is way down the pecking order at upton park . matt jarvis has made just one premier league start so far this season for the hammers . jarvis is attracting interest from west brom and cardiff city . bluebirds boss russell slade is already set to add crystal palace midfielder stuart o’keefe    to his squad shortly . and slade is lining up a move for jarvis , who is also attracting interest from west brom manager tony pulis .
( cnn student news ) -- november 11 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . south korea . south africa . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- detectives in california questioned former nba player scottie pippen on monday as part of an investigation into an assault at a malibu restaurant over the weekend . the los angeles county sheriff 's department said pippen was questioned for about an hour and released . pippen was not arrested and was cooperative during questioning , lt . mary leef told cnn . pippen 's agent , kyle rote , did not immediately respond to cnn 's request for comment . detectives want to ask witnesses additional questions before concluding their investigation , the sheriff 's department said in a statement . pippen was a longtime player for the chicago bulls . he was inducted into the basketball hall of fame in 2010 .
( cnn ) -- australian prime minister kevin rudd announced sunday that national elections will take place september 7 . it 'll mark yet another turn in australian politics . in june , rudd returned as prime minister of australia -- three years after he was replaced in the office by his then - deputy julia gillard . rudd challenged gillard for leadership of the labor party and won a 57 - 45 vote among fellow labor members of parliament .
by . simon jones . hull city are poised to bid £ 3.5million for tottenham defender michael dawson . manager steve bruce is still trying to get a permanent deal agreed for jake livermore whom tottenham value at £ 8 m and may need to put in a joint offer of around £ 10 m . dawson , 30 , is top of bruce 's wishlist but he faces competition from crystal palace too . top of the list : hull city are poised to bid £ 3.5million for tottenham defender michael dawson ( left ) here to stay ? bruce is trying to sort out a permanent deal with tottenham for jake livermore .
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
( cnn student news ) -- december 21 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- june 8 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . massachusetts ; washington , d.c . ; tampa , florida ; charlotte , north carolina . london . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
paris ( cnn ) -- the french finance ministry came under a large - scale cyber attack in december that targeted g20 documents , france 's budget minister francois baroin told french radio on monday . baroin told europe 1 an investigation was underway and that there were unconfirmed leads . " it seems what was targeted was the organization of the g20 ( conference ) , " baroin said . paris match magazine reported earlier monday that the finance ministry had come under an unprecedented cyber attack and that 100 computers were affected . the g20 met in paris last month . the group of 20 was established in 1999 to bring together industrialized and developing economies to promote global economic stability .
( cnn student news ) -- october 5 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria ; turkey . denver , colorado ; toronto , canada . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- it may have started as a tv debate about the israel - hamas conflict , but it 's now turned into a seemingly endless online war of words between russell brand and fox news anchor sean hannity . the british comedian , actor and occasional political commentator branded hannity a " terrorist " last week after the conservative u.s . pundit berated a palestinian guest on his show during a heated debate over israel 's ongoing war with hamas militants in gaza -- a conflict that has claimed the lives of hundreds of palestinians and dozens of israelis in the past month . .
by . charles sale . follow @@charliesale . clare balding is to replace john inverdale as presenter of radio 5 live ’s wimbledon coverage . sportsmail revealed last year that inverdale would not host the programme following his crass ‘ never a looker ’ comment about women ’s champion marion bartoli . the bbc would not comment on whether inverdale , who will present the daily tv highlights on bbc2 , was being punished for his gaffe . gone : john inverdale is to be replaced by clare balding on radio 5 live 's wimbledon coverage . in for more : balding has a hectic schedule ahead of her as she presents at the commonwealth games .
by . simon jones . southampton want to sign manchester city winger scott sinclair for £ 3million . the 25-year - old has endured a frustrating stint at the etihad since his £ 6.2 m move from swansea , with limited appearances under former boss roberto mancini and an unsuccessful loan stint at west brom . out of sorts : scott sinclair made six premier league appearances during his loan spell at west brom before returning to his parent club . despite uncertainty over the future of boss mauricio pochettino , the saints are tracking sinclair in a bid to revive his ailing career . city are keen to shed their playing squad to comply with fifa 's financial fair play regulations .
london ( cnn ) -- as part of cnn 's special series " inside the louvre , " we asked you to share your favorite artwork via the hashtag # louvrefavorite . with thousands of artworks on display , it was n't easy for our community to choose their one most treasured piece . all in all , you sent us 100 tweets , comments and instagram pictures ranging from the world - famous " winged victory of samothrace " to the " mona lisa . " other impressive works you named included paul delaroche 's " the young martyr " and johannes vermeer 's " the lacemaker . " check out the top 10 most popular artworks as selected by our community .
( cnn ) -- can you feel the change of seasons in the air ? it 's almost time for apple cider , pumpkin picking and leaves changing color . autumn days are coming soon . those shorter days tell trees that it 's time to shut down for the winter . as trees stop photosynthesis -- the process by which plants use sunlight and water to make food -- fall colors will start to appear . why do leaves change colors ? we know this amazing scientific process happens every year , but we ca n't help but be mesmerized by its fleeting beauty . to celebrate the season , cnn ireport chose some of our favorite autumn photos to share .
( cnn ) -- somali pirates released a chemical tanker after holding it for more than four months , the european union 's naval protection force said thursday . the mv hannibal ii was seized november 11 off the horn of africa , eu navfor said . all 30 members of the crew of the panama - flagged vessel are safe and in good health , the naval force said , citing the owner of the ship . the waters off the coast of largely lawless somalia have become a danger zone for ships in the past several years as pirates seize them for ransom . eu navfor did not say if a ransom had been paid for the hannibal ii .
( cnn student news ) -- april 12 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . london . wilcox county , georgia ; oregon . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- an american airlines plane flying from costa rica to miami made an emergency landing on colombia 's san andres island thursday , the airline said . the airline said a " mechanical issue " was behind the pilot 's decision to divert the flight to the island , located on colombia 's north coast . cnn affiliate caracol tv reported that smoke was seen in the cabin . flight 1204 was carrying 172 passengers and six crew , american airlines said . the passengers disembarked while the aircraft , a boeing 757 , was evaluated . no one was injured , caracol reported . uk - to - u.s . flight makes emergency landing in ireland .
( cnn ) -- " the walking dead " fans always fill cnn.com 's comments sections and ireport with questions and observations about tv 's hottest show . we asked executive producer gale anne hurd and actors norman reedus ( fan favorite daryl ) and laurie holden ( andrea , one of the most - discussed characters this season ) to respond to the " dead"-heads in our community , in time for sunday night 's season finale on amc . as " talking dead " host chris hardwick might put it , thanks for submitting your quemments ! ( and in case you did n't know , this gallery contains spoilers about the third season of the show . )
fifty - two people are missing after a south korean fishing boat sank in the bering sea , the south korean government said . the vessel sank monday with 60 crew members on board . eight people were rescued , but one of them later died , said kim hong - won , an official at the south korean ministry of oceans and fisheries . the cause of the sinking , in the frigid waters that lie between far - eastern russia and alaska , was n't clear . the crew consisted of 35 indonesians , 13 filipinos , 11 south koreans and one russian , kim said .
( cnn student news ) -- february 8 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . montgomery , alabama ; selma , alabama ; little rock , arkansas ; washington , d.c . china . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a molotov cocktail was tossed at an islamic center in one of three attacks in new york city , authorities said early monday . the three attacks in queens were at a bodega , islamic center and a private house on sunday night . molotov cocktails were used in all the attacks , resulting in some damage , but no injuries , the new york police department said . in a fourth incident , a fire damaged part of house , but it was too early to tell whether it was a result of a molotov cocktail or whether it 's related to the other incidents , police said . an investigation is ongoing .
by . simon jones . tottenham hotspur have made contact over feyenoord right - back daryl janmaat . the 24-year - old is wanted by napoli and manchester united but mauricio pochettino wants him to compete with kyle walker next season . feyenoord want £ 6million . tottenham have also asked about swansea left - back ben davies and chelsea 's ryan bertrand . international : daryl janmaat ( right ) plays for the netherlands in their friendly against ecuador on may 17 . on the radar : swansea left - back ben davies ( right ) is wanted by tottenham hotspur . on the ball : tottenham have asked about chelsea left - back ryan bertrand ( centre )
( cnn ) -- an explosion and fire at a mitsubishi materials chemical plant in central japan on thursday afternoon killed five people and injured at least 12 others , yokkaichi police said . ealier , the yokkaichi fire department had reported that 17 people had been injured , five critically but did not report any deaths . the incident happened during a maintenance and cleaning operation at the plant , the mie prefecture police department said . a fire from the blast lasted about 10 minutes , according to police . yokkaichi is located about 320 kilometers ( 200 miles ) west - southwest of tokyo .
( cnn student news ) -- january 27 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . rio de janeiro , brazil . davos , switzerland ; slovakia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
the search is on for a 12-year - old bronx girl who disappeared after leaving her home on friday , police said . charleyne delgado was reported missing saturday after not returning to her home on university avenue near w 165 street in highbridge . missing : charleyne delgado was reported missing saturday after not returning to her home in highbridge , having last been seen on friday . she was last seen on friday around 2:30 p.m. wearing a black t - shirt and black jeans , the daily news reports . delgado is described as a hispanic female who is five feet and two inches tall and weighs 163 pounds , and has hair dyed pink and blonde .
( cnn ) -- wayne richard wells , the frontman and founder of the california metal band static - x , has died . he was 48 . the band announced wells ' death in a facebook post late saturday night , but did not disclose the cause . wells , who performed under the name wayne static , founded static - x in 1994 . the band released six albums , the most notable being 2001 's " wisconsin death trip , " which went platinum . people we ' ve lost in 2014 .
( cnn student news ) -- november 18 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city . azerbaijan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- push yourself . cherish family . vote . on this veterans day , cnn ireporters share the most important lessons they ' ve learned from vets in their lives . we heard from wives , girlfriends , husbands , children , grandchildren and friends of some of the 21.5 million veterans alive in the u.s . today -- and some who are no longer with us . visit cnnireport.com to see all the submissions and share your own . cnn 's daphne sashin , jamescia thomas and rachel rodriguez contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- december 2 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq & kuwait . california ; tennessee ; boca raton , florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( people.com ) -- k.d . lang and her girlfriend are calling it quits . lang , 50 , filed legal documents to end her domestic partnership with jamie price , who 's been her partner for nearly nine years . lang filed for dissolution of domestic partnership , citing irreconcilable differences , according to the papers filed on december 28 and obtained by people . a rep for lang did not respond to request for comment . the couple met through their mutual buddhist teacher , according to new york magazine . news of the longtime musician 's filing was first reported by tmz . see the full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn ) -- jennifer staple runs the unite for sight program which started in the u.s . , but has branched out into working overseas . regarding sight as a fundamental human right that most people take for granted , the program aims to tackle a range of visual impairments that affect people across the world . jennifer will be traveling to ghana and then india , taking volunteers to continue the work of unite for sight . keep up with her experiences in her blogs and video diaries . e - mail to a friend .
( cnn)you may want to plan a bbc binge - watching party . according to what 's on netflix now , the streaming service may be losing favorites like " doctor who " and " luther " come january 31 because of an expiring contract between the streaming service and bbc . that would mean missing shows like " little britain " and the original " house of cards . " of course , the " doctor who " fans have already launched a petition to " save the show " on netflix . we ' ve got our fingers crossed that the pair can work things out . if not , there 's always amazon prime .
kano , nigeria ( cnn ) -- scores of residents in four villages in the northeastern borno state of nigeria , near the border with cameroon , were killed tuesday in boko haram raids , a lawmaker and residents said . they said hundreds of homes were destroyed . heavily armed gunmen dressed as soldiers in all - terrain vehicles and on motorcycles attacked goshe , attagara , agapalwa and aganjara villages in gwoza district , shooting residents and burning homes . villagers fled into neighboring cameroon to escape the onslaughts , said peter biye , a lawmaker from the area who serves in the nigerian lower parliament .
( cnn ) -- the recent incident involving chelsea and england captain john terry and queens park rangers ' anton ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . the decision by london 's metropolitan police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the october 23 match follows allegations made by manchester united 's patrice evra of racial abuse from liverpool striker luis suarez during an english premier league clash . these two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .
( cnn)an american was injured in a shooting friday near a royal palace in saudi arabia 's eastern province , the u.s . embassy in riyadh said . the embassy said two u.s . citizens were fired on near the palace in hofuf , saudi arabia . " one was wounded . there has been no fatality , " a statement from the embassy reads . no names were immediately released , and information about what led to the shooting and the assailant 's identity was n't available . " security forces are investigating , and the embassy is seeking further information about the incident , " the statement reads .
( cnn ) -- from e ! 's strange " fun facts " to diane keaton 's girl scout song , the golden globes delivered plenty of bizarre and wonderful moments in addition to an awards show . here are some of our favorites . for those unable to see the content on a mobile device , please click here .
( people.com ) -- reports that producers of nbc 's " the voice " plan to fire coach christina aguilera are baseless , says the network . " there is absolutely no truth to the rumor , " paul telegdy , nbc executive vice president , alternative programming , said in an official statement . aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition , which is set to premiere next february 5 in a key scheduling slot following the super bowl . cee lo green , adam levine and blake shelton will continue to work alongside aguilera in the coaching chairs . see full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn student news ) -- september 16 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . • afghanistan     • libya • mexico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 2 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . harrisburg , illinois ; wyoming ; cape cod , massachusetts . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 2 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . harrisburg , illinois ; wyoming ; cape cod , massachusetts . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- january 25 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . north korea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
the u.s . coast guard is searching for a 13-year - old boy who went cliff jumping into the water with friends     in hawaii -- but never resurfaced . the boy jumped off a 15-foot cliff near hapuna beach state park on hawaii 's big island , the coast guard said . authorities have been looking for the boy since midday sunday . authorities are searching above , beneath and on the water 's surface . dive teams have scoured underwater , and the coast guard has been scanning by boat and helicopter . rogue waves sweep teen kayakers into pacific ocean .
( cnn student news ) -- march 8 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . north korea . california ; florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
australian fighter jets have attacked an islamic state facility in iraq . two bombs were dropped from an f / a-18f super hornet on to an is facility , the australian defence force said in a statement on thursday . " all aircraft exited the target area safely and returned to base , " the statement said . it is the first time australia has launched air strikes since beginning combat operations on sunday . first strike : australia has launched its first airstrikes in iraq . open fire : the raaf dropped two bombs on an islamic state facility . prime minister tony abbott has described the deployment as a ' combat operation ' , rather than a war .
cnn 's going green : oceans will take you above and below the water for a unique perspective on how coral reefs impact the world 's oceans and you . join cnn special correspondent philippe cousteau as he explores australia 's great barrier reef with scientists from the catlin seaview survey as they map the extraordinary eco - system with pioneering photographic equipment . watch the 30-minute going green : oceans special on friday march 29 at 15:30 gmt ( 11:30 et ) . join cousteau online immediately after the show at 16:00 gmt for a live one - hour twitter chat about ocean health and how you can help promote and preserve biodiversity beneath the waves . send your questions to philippe using # cousteaucnn .
by . simon jones . leicester have bid a potential club record £ 6million for brighton striker leonardo ulloa but the championship side want £ 10million . nigel pearson has pushed his board to bid on three previous occasions with the latest offer structured to be paid almost in one lump sum . the 27-year - old argentine moved to brighton in january 2013 from spanish side almeria for £ 2 m and has scored 26 goals in 58 appearances . on his way ? leicester have bid for brighton striker leonardo ulloa . record bid : leicester city have made a £ 6 m bid for brighton 's ulloa .
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits peru in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , june 2 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
sanaa , yemen ( cnn ) -- a deadly blast rocked a bus carrying yemeni soldiers in the capital of sanaa on sunday . there were conflicting reports on the number of people killed . interior ministry officials initially said that 10 people had died and 14 more injured . but the defense ministry later said only one person had died and 24 others wounded . explosives had been planted in the rear of the bus , which was carrying air force personnel to their headquarters , the interior ministry officials said . yemen is home to al qaeda in the arabian peninsula . offensives by the nation 's army and drone attacks by the united states have reduced the terror organization 's effectiveness in recent years .
( cnn student news ) -- december 2 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq & kuwait . california ; tennessee ; boca raton , florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- former nfl star darren sharper has been fired by the nfl network , the channel 's vice president of communications told cnn . sharper had been suspended without pay after being accused of rape . he turned himself in to police in los angeles on thursday . sharper is wanted in new orleans in connection with the alleged rapes of two women . the orleans parish district attorney 's office in louisiana said sharper , 38 , and erik nunez , 26 , each face two counts of aggravated rape . if convicted , the two men face a possible sentence of life in prison without parole . the new orleans charges are in addition to charges sharper already faces in california .
( cnn ) -- would you be ok with a mosque in your community ? according to a new national poll , most americans say yes , they would . a cnn / opinion research corporation survey found that 69 % of americans would be ok with a mosque in their area while 28 % would not . in cnn 's documentary " unwelcome : the muslims next door , " soledad o'brien chronicles the dramatic fight over the construction of a mosque in the heart of the bible belt . what do you think about the controversy over building mosques in america ? have you seen or participated in any demonstrations or marches ? share your thoughts below .
( cnn student news ) -- november 18 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city . azerbaijan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- august 31 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . tampa , florida ; gulf of mexico . london . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- suspended new york yankee alex rodriguez has dropped a medical malpractice lawsuit against the yankees ' team doctor and new york presbyterian hospital , according to court paperwork filed thursday . rodriguez had alleged that the yankees ' dr . christopher s. ahmad had misdiagnosed rodriguez 's hip injury , clearing him for play when a second doctor recommended surgery . cnn national correspondent jason carroll contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- september 14 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . egypt ; libya ; democratic republic of congo . yemen . new york city ; chicago , illinois . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
cnn 's going green : oceans will take you above and below the water for a unique perspective on how coral reefs impact the world 's oceans and you . join cnn special correspondent philippe cousteau as he explores australia 's great barrier reef with scientists from the catlin seaview survey as they map the extraordinary eco - system with pioneering photographic equipment . watch the 30-minute going green : oceans special on friday march 29 at 15:30 gmt ( 11:30 et ) . join cousteau online immediately after the show at 16:00 gmt for a live one - hour twitter chat about ocean health and how you can help promote and preserve biodiversity beneath the waves . send your questions to philippe using # cousteaucnn .
( cnn student news ) -- august 17 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . arizona & minnesota . afghanistan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 30 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . colorado & rhode island . afghanistan . north sea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- pakistan 's citizens head to the polls on february 18 for parliamentary elections that may determine the future of president pervez musharraf and his allies . pakistan has a federal parliamentary system of government . the nation 's parliament consists of the upper house ( senate ) and the lower house ( national assembly ) and the four provincial assemblies . elections to the national and provincial assemblies take place every five years . source : election commission of pakistan .
( cnn ) -- the top part of a burning television tower collapsed in the netherlands , leaving a trail of thick billowing smoke and fiery flames . it was unclear what caused the fiery collapse in hoogersmilde friday . the incident disrupted television , radio and mobile phone networks nearby . fire crews arrived before the collapse , but moved to a safe distance when they realized they could not extinguish the blaze , mayor jan broerjes said friday . no one was injured . an investigation is under way . cnn 's ben brumfield contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- a fast - moving wildfire in southern california is threatening homes and has prompted evacuations . the fire , which was reported wednesday , jumped from approximately 300 acres to 5,000 acres , according to capt . lucas spelman with the california department of forestry and fire protection . some 450 firefighters are working the blaze , which is located in riverside county . mandatory evacuations are in effect for the communities of poppet flats , twin pines and silent valley , fire officials said . it was not immediately clear how many people are affected . an evacuation center was set up at an area high school . cnn 's diahann reyes contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- the french open is the second grand slam of the tennis season , and it is widely regarded as the most grueling to win -- two weeks of often epic , grinding matches on the energy - sapping red clay of roland garros . cnn 's open court talked to the five past women 's champions to get their insights into what it takes to be a winner in paris . click on the above video to start the story , and then hear from defending champion maria sharapova , li na , francesca schiavone , svetlana kuznetsova and ana ivanovic by clicking on the panel strips to the side .
( cnn ) -- a strong earthquake struck off the south coast of japan on sunday night local time , " jolting tokyo and wide areas of eastern japan , " the country 's kyodo news agency reported . the 7.1 earthquake hit 200 miles ( 320 kilometers ) south - southwest of tokyo at 7:55 p.m. ( 6:55 a.m. et ) , the united states geological survey reported . its epicenter was 188 miles ( 303 kilometers ) deep , the usgs said . the japan meteorological agency reported its magnitude as 6.9 , kyodo said . there were no immediate reports of damage , and the pacific tsunami warning center did not issue a tsunami warning .
( cnn student news ) -- october 12 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . danville , kentucky . bahamas . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a french mirage 2000 jet fighter collided with a lithuanian plane during a training mission tuesday in lithuania , the french defense ministry said . no one was hurt during the training exercise at an air force base in siauliai , northern lithuania , military officials from both countries said . two french jet fighters and and a lithuanian jet trainer were in the air when one of the jet fighters collided with the lithuanian plane , officials said . both pilots of the lithuanian l-39 albatross ejected and are safe . their plane crashed . the french jet landed , lithuanian officials said .
washington ( cnn ) -- the national park service said saturday that the national christmas tree located just south of the white house has died due to complications from " transplant shock . " the park service removed the colorado blue spruce from the white house grounds early saturday . the tree had replaced another which was damaged in a wind storm early last year . the park service said it always has a replacement tree lined up to make sure one is in place for the annual national christmas tree lighting event held each december . the new tree is also a colorado spruce but wo n't be planted until late october .
( cnn)can't see harry potter 's     albus dumbledore as gay ? harry potter author j.k . rowling has a terse message for you . rowling revealed that the hogwarts school headmaster was gay after " harry potter and the deathly hallows , " the final book in the boy wizard series , was released in 2007 . fan ana kocovic started the exchange by asking the author , " i wonder why you said that dumbledore is gay because i ca n't see him in that way . " " maybe because gay people just look like ... people ? " rowling wrote in her march 24 reply . rowling 's fans loved it .
( cnn ) -- tropical storm cristobal formed early sunday in the caribbean , having strengthened from a tropical depression , the national hurricane center said . it has maximum sustained winds of 45 mph . the hurricane center issued tropical storm warnings on sunday for the southeastern and central bahamas as well as for the turks and caicos islands . cristobal is moving to the northwest but is expected to turn to the northeast in the coming days and miss the u.s . coastline .
( cnn student news ) -- february 10 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . georgia . falkland islands . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- emergency crews called off a search in texas for the wreckage of a c-17 transport plane after reports monday of a possible crash proved unfounded . callers to the olney police department said they saw a low - flying plane , and a spokesman for sheppard afb initially reported a crash , but then retracted the report . air force officials said an air force c-17 had been flying at low altitude near olney , but the plane returned safely to altus air force base in southwest oklahoma . cnn 's mike mount and adam levine contributed to this story .
kathmandu , nepal ( cnn ) -- a passenger vehicle plunged off a cliff into a river in western nepal tuesday , killing 14 people , police said . the accident occurred in myagdi district , about 250 kilometers ( 155 miles ) west of kathmandu . the victims were identified as seven men and seven women , a police officer told cnn . the passengers were pilgrims going to muktinath -- a holy site for both hindus and buddhists -- in western nepal near the chinese border . the cause of the accident is not immediately known . overcrowding , poor roads , poor condition of vehicles and the treacherous terrain cause frequent accidents in the mountains of nepal .
( cnn student news ) -- january 25 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . north korea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- february 1 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; greensboro , north carolina . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- january 27 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . rio de janeiro , brazil . davos , switzerland ; slovakia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- at least seven people died and 15 were wounded when a car bomb exploded in a tunnel in northwest     pakistan , police said saturday . the blast occurred late friday , said kazi hamid , a kohat city police officer . it was in the kohat tunnel , a thoroughfare to metropolitan cities such as karachi . kohat is in khyber pakhtunkhwa province , which borders afghanistan . from journalist nosheen abbas .
( cnn ) -- groundhog punxsutawney phil emerged from his hovel wednesday and did not see his shadow , which -- according to tradition -- means that spring will come early this year . phil , whose first name comes from the pennsylvania town where he lives , emerged at 7:20 a.m. and hung out with the well - dressed gentlemen presiding over the event without retreating inside . wednesday 's groundhog day festivities in punxsutawney marked the town 's 125 celebration of the annual event . phil 's prediction is likely welcome news for residents in the path of a monster snow and ice storm stretching from texas to new hampshire .
andros townsend enjoyed silencing the critics with his wonder strike for england , saying naysayers like paul merson provided the perfect motivation for him in italy . this has been a topsy - turvy season for the 23-year - old , who has yet to reach the heights he scaled when he first burst onto the international scene . three lions manager roy hodgson has , however , kept faith with the tottenham winger - belief he paid back in quite exceptional fashion at the juventus stadium . andros townsend scores england 's equaliser in their 1 - 1 friendly draw with italy in turin on tuesday night . townsend celebrates his strike with tottenham hotspur team - mates ryan mason ( left ) and kyle walker .
( cnn student news ) -- march 2 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . harrisburg , illinois ; wyoming ; cape cod , massachusetts . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- facetime : barham salih , prime minister , kurdistan regional government . as the us inches closer to the full withdrawal of its troops from iraq , not everyone is celebrating . the kurds in northern iraq fell victim to saddam hussein 's brutal regime more than 20 years ago . but even without him in power , they 're apprehensive about the future . mme sits down with the prime minister of kurdistan 's regional government , barham salih , to discuss the road ahead . marketplace middle east airs weekly at the following times ( all gmt ) : . thursdays : 1645 , . fridays : 0945 , . saturdays : 0715 , . sundays : 0615 , 1645 .
( cnn ) -- six people , including two children and the suspected shooter , were found dead in greenwood county , south carolina , an official said tuesday night . all died from gunshot wounds , said greenwood county sheriff tony davis . authorities believe it 's a " domestic - related incident . " the crime scene was along callison highway , according to south carolina law enforcement division spokesman tom berry . four crime scene investigators and three regional agents from that agency have been sent there to assist local authorities , berry added . about 80 miles west of the state capital of columbia , greenwood county has roughly 70,000 people , according to the u.s . census bureau .
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits libya in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 19 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
( cnn ) -- no doubt , this has been a trying time for texas health presbyterian hospital dallas . first , health care workers at the facility sent a feverish thomas eric duncan home the first time he came to the emergency room , even though he 'd informed the nurse he 'd recently been in africa . then , after duncan was admitted and diagnosed with ebola , two of the nurses who were closely involved in his care contracted the deadly virus . earlier this month , barclay berden , the ceo of texas health resources , said the hospital had " made mistakes " and " we are deeply sorry . "
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits tangier , morocco in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 12 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
( cnn student news ) -- september 28 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- february 15 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . mobile , alabama ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- april 27 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . liberia & sierra leone . netherlands . california . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
los angeles , california ( cnn )     -- grammy - winning rapper coolio was arrested at los angeles international airport on friday on suspicion of possessing illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia , according to a spokeswoman for the airport . coolio 's " gangsta 's paradise " was used in the movie " dangerous minds . " coolio , whose real name is artis leon ivey jr . , was taken to the van nuys division station for booking , the spokeswoman said . a source at the airport 's public relations division confirmed the arrest but declined to be named . coolio is best known for his 1995 hip - hop hit " gangsta 's paradise . " efforts to reach his publicist were unsuccessful .
arsenal have sent young midfielder jack jebb on a month 's loan to stevenage . the 19-year - old has yet to play for the gunners ' senior side and will be hoping to gain experience in league two . jebb scored three goals in five games as arsenal under 18s reached the semi - finals of the fa youth cup last season . young arsenal midfielder jack jebb has joined stevenage on a one - month loan deal . the box - to - box player is an england youth international . stevenage are currently 19th in the table and also welcome shrewsbury 's david mccalister to the club .
( cnn ) -- as 2011 comes to an end , it is time to look back and reflect on another remarkable sporting year . from the highs of winning trophies and titles to the lows of losing some of sport 's much - loved figures , 2011 will be remembered with mixed emotions . with a new year on the horizon and the prospect of major sporting events like the london olympics and football 's euro 2012 finals looming large , cnn looks back at the year just ending and picks out a story from each of the 12 months . do you agree with our choice ? write in to let us know .
racing experts peter scudamore and sam turner review the best of the action from ladies day at the cheltenham festival . among the highlights was sam twiston - davies and    dodging bullets winning the queen mother champion chase . the action gets underway again at 1.30pm on thursday . stick with mailonline sport for the best build - up to and coverage of the greatest show on turf .
( cnn student news ) -- august 17 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . arizona & minnesota . afghanistan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- clipped wings no more , the blue angels are soaring again . the blue and gold jets are returning to the sky after being grounded much of last year because of forced spending cuts . the u.s . navy flight demonstration squadron kicked off the 2014 air show season with its first show saturday , march 15 , at naval air facility el centro in california . the nation 's best military fliers halted their iconic aerobatic performances in april 2013 . but aerospace and military fans are rejoicing as the blue angels return this year for more dynamic aerial demonstrations . the team is scheduled for 68 performances at 35 locations between now and november 8 .
( cnn ) -- despite sporadic reports of violence , such as the deaths of 10 policemen in mombasa , so far kenyans have been keen to show a peaceful vote in the east african state . many have taken to social media to show images of long , peaceful voting lines , proud voters with ink stained fingers , and politicians casting their votes . cnn asked kenyans on instagram , facebook and twitter to show their images from voting day , and were flooded with responses . here are some of the best . check out the storify on mobile and send your election experiences to ireport . .
by . simon jones . mark hughes wants monaco striker emmanuel riviere to lead the line at the britannia stadium next season . hughes tried to bring riviere to stoke last summer but the move failed after complications in discussions over personal terms . but now hughes will revive his interest in the striker , who has also attracted interest from west brom . wanted : stoke are looking to strike a deal with monaco striker emmanuel riviere . new life : mark hughes tried to sign the striker last year and is now reviving his interest .
( cnn ) -- at least 10 people were killed when a bomb exploded friday evening inside a popular restaurant in the northern iraqi city of mosul , a provincial police commander said . the bomb was hidden inside the abu - yahya restaurant in central mosul when went it off around 8:30 p.m. , said khalid al - midani , the commander of nineveh provincial police . in addition to those killed , 58 were wounded . most of the casualties were civilians . located about 400 kilometers ( 250 miles ) north of baghdad , mosul is the capital of the predominantly sunni province of nineveh . at least another 11 people were killed and 21 wounded in violence elsewhere around iraq , according to officials .
( cnn )     -- an suv carrying almost two dozen undocumented immigrants crashed in arizona over the weekend , killing 10 people and injuring several others , state police reported sunday . this ford excursion was packed with 22 passengers inside when it crashed in arizona late saturday night . the ford excursion crashed at about 11:55 p.m. saturday in a remote area about 30 miles north of the mexican border , ejecting almost all the 22 passengers inside , police said in a statement . in addition to the dead , 12 people were hospitalized . the identity of the driver , passengers and owner of the excursion were not released .
( cnn ) -- a magnitude 5.6 earthquake hit chile 's central coast on tuesday , according to the u.s . geological survey . the quake 's epicenter was in the coquimbo region , 100 miles north of the city of valparaiso . it struck just after 8:20 p.m. ( 6:20 p.m. et ) at a depth of 14.6 miles . no tsunami warning had been issued , and there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . earthquakes do not frequently hit the area , and some communications problems were reported after the quake , juan carlos ossandon of radio balneario de los vilos told cnn chile .
( cnn)there was a street named after chuck norris , but they had to change the name because nobody crosses chuck norris and lives . chuck norris counted to infinity . twice . death once had a near - chuck norris experience . chuck norris is celebrating his 75th birthday -- but the calendar is only allowed to turn 39 . that last one is true ( well , the first part , anyway ) . the actor , martial - arts star and world 's favorite tough - guy joke subject was born march 10 , 1940 , which makes him 75 today . or perhaps he is 39 . because maybe you ca n't beat time , but chuck norris can beat anything . happy birthday !
leicester have agreed a £ 1million fee with wigan for shaun maloney . the 31-year - old had interest from celtic and chicago fire among other clubs , but looks set for a move the king power stadium . the foxes had a £ 750,000 offer rejected last week and raised their offer . scotland and wigan front man shaun maloney is set to join premier league side leicester city . maloney lifts the 2013 fa cup with wigan athletic team - mate callum mcmanaman . meanwhile , wigan are interested in taking matt phillips on loan from qpr as hull continue to show interest in callum mcmanaman . the winger impressed in the premier league and his championship performances have also drawn admirers .
( billboard)one of the funnest parts of any award show is what happens over on the social streams . many memes popped up during the 57th grammy awards on sunday . below are some of the best memes from the 2015 grammys , including rihanna and iggy azalea : .
( cnn ) -- it 's time to layer up , again . parts of the united states , including coastal areas of the deep south , are going to see freezing temperatures and even a chance of snow this week . as the white stuff covers the landscape , it 's hard to imagine the millions of tiny , intricate flakes that make it up . above is a collection of extreme close - up snowflake photos from this winter season . add your own snowflake photos by uploading them to ireport . we 'll add some of the best to the gallery .
( cnn ) -- today is the 90th birthday of former president jimmy carter . born on october 1 , 1924 , the georgian has lived a political life that is filled with controversy and turmoil . many americans consider his presidency to be a complete failure . it was four years during which a stagnant economy got worse and foreign policy spiraled out of control with the iran hostage crisis . since leaving washington , carter has remained a polarizing figure . his positions on international issues such as the conflicts in the middle east have often caused his detractors to say that he favors one side over the other . nine things abo .
mesut ozil out until 2015 with knee injury . mesut ozil , out for three months . just the news arsenal fans did n't want to hear , and a further blow to their already miserable week . as is the norm in today 's society , social media erupted after the german football association spoke out about the knee injury . here , sportsmail rounds up the best tweets from wednesday , reacting to arsene wenger 's worst nightmare .
( cnn student news ) -- november 4 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . france & greece . china . ohio . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a suspected u.s . drone strike in pakistan 's tribal region on wednesday killed 23 suspected militants , intelligence officials told cnn . two pakistani intelligence officials said the suspected drone fired four missiles at a militant training center in the area of roya naray in north waziristan , one of the seven districts of pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering afghanistan . the intelligence officials asked not to be named because they said they are not authorized to speak to journalists . based on a count by the cnn islamabad bureau , wednesday 's suspected drone strike was the 32nd this year . cnn 's nasir habib contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- two people were killed and four more wounded early tuesday in a shooting in miami , a fire department spokesman told cnn . earlier , police had put the total number of those shot at nine . the shooting happened outside an apartment complex in the liberty city neighborhood about 6 miles north of downtown miami , at northwest 12th avenue and 65th street , cnn affiliate wfor reported . miami police said they were trying to determine what led to the shooting , which was reported to authorities about 2:15 a.m. , cnn affiliate wsvn reported . authorities placed more than 35 markers on a street and a staircase to indicate ammunition casings , according to wfor .
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits quebec in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 5 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities are offering a $ 1.2 million ( 15 million pesos ) reward for information on 14 children who may have been taken from orphanages by child traffickers , according to a release from the attorney general of mexico . the attorney general also is offering about $ 400,000 ( 5 million pesos ) in the search for three people in the " casitas del sur " case , a statement said friday . the children disappeared in february 2009 from the casitas del sur orphanage in mexico city and from homes in nuevo laredo and quintana roo , the statement said . cnn 's claudia dominguez contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- traffic on interstate 15 in southern california was backed up for miles early tuesday after a new overpass in the city of hesperia caught fire , a fire official said . the major artery between los angeles and las vegas is expected to be closed for up to 48 hours while crews put out the fire and demolish the damaged structure , according to eric sherwin with the san bernadino county fire department . the bridge caught fire monday when sparks from blowtorches used to cut reinforcing bar ignited the wooden framework supporting the structure . hesperia is about 60 miles northeast of los angeles . college tour in california ends in fiery wreck , leaves 10 dead .
( cnn ) -- a man wearing an afghan military uniform attacked members of the nato - led international security assistance force in eastern afghanistan saturday , an isaf spokesman said . the gunman was killed and there were no isaf casualties , the spokesman said . so - called " green on blue " attacks killed dozens of coalition troops in 2012 , prompting the u.s . command in kabul to stop some joint operations with afghan security forces .
twitter is an unforgivable place at times and that would be to manchester united 's downfall on monday night as louis van gaal and co were mocked on social media following their fa cup exit at the hands of arsenal . prior to the game dutchman van gaal labelled welbeck ' a substitute ' , resulting in why he was allowed to leave the old trafford side for the emirates in the summer transfer window . the manchester - born forward came back to haunt his former side with the winner on monday , and unsurprisingly he took centre stage on twitter , in particular . below are the best memes from the night ...
( cnn ) -- nine people were killed when a bus plunged over a cliff in southern mexico on monday night , officials said . another 30 people were injured , said rafael escobar , an official with the state of mexico 's health institute . the crash took place in villa del carbon . most of the passengers were pilgrims headed to the basilica of guadalupe in mexico city . escobar said the bus went over a cliff about 40 meters ( 131 feet ) high .
( cnn ) -- three inmates were shot and wounded by guards friday during an escape attempt at a livingston , texas , prison , officials said . the incident started about 9 p.m. ( 10 p.m. et ) when inmates were leaving a church service at a gymnasium in the prison , said jason clark , a spokesman for the texas department of criminal justice . while walking back from the church service , five inmates jumped an interior fence in an attempt to flee , officials said . guards opened fire , wounding three of the inmates . all five were captured and the wounded inmates were taken to a hospital , clark said . cnn 's leslie tripp contributed to this report .
( ew.com ) -- a " firefly " reunion is coming to comic - con . science channel , which airs repeats of the short - lived fox cult favorite , is hosting a 10-year anniversary panel for the sci - fi show . creator joss whedon and writer tim minear along with stars nathan fillion , alan tudyk , adam baldwin , sean maher , michael fairman are all expected to be on board . the panel is being held friday , july 13 at 12:30 p.m. see full story at ew.com . click here to try 2 risk free issues of entertainment weekly . © 2011 entertainment weekly and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn ) -- the mediterranean city of nice , france , draws celebrities and tourists from all over the world -- for good reason . check out ireporters ' snapshots above to see why and get some ideas for your trip . related story : live it up on the french riviera .
( cnn student news ) -- february 17 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a magnitude 5.6 earthquake hit chile 's central coast on tuesday , according to the u.s . geological survey . the quake 's epicenter was in the coquimbo region , 100 miles north of the city of valparaiso . it struck just after 8:20 p.m. ( 6:20 p.m. et ) at a depth of 14.6 miles . no tsunami warning had been issued , and there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . earthquakes do not frequently hit the area , and some communications problems were reported after the quake , juan carlos ossandon of radio balneario de los vilos told cnn chile .
( cnn ) -- esquire magazine published a previously written piece by journalist tom junod about the powerful " falling man " image of september 11 . but somewhere in the site 's technology , the image became associated with unrelated content , resulting in an unfortunate online display . .
by . simon jones for the daily mail . fulham are closing on an £ 800,000 deal for boca juniors defensive starlet tiago casasola . the 19-year - old has been watched by barcelona , roma and tottenham scouts in recent months but championship fulham have stolen the initiative and hope to wrap up a deal for the argentina u20 international over the weekend . casasola has an italian passport so would not require work permit . close : fulham are closing in on an £ 800,000 deal to sign 19-year - old boca juniros defender tiago casasola .
( cnn ) -- esquire magazine published a previously written piece by journalist tom junod about the powerful " falling man " image of september 11 . but somewhere in the site 's technology , the image became associated with unrelated content , resulting in an unfortunate online display . .
( cnn ) -- tropical storm cristobal formed early sunday in the caribbean , having strengthened from a tropical depression , the national hurricane center said . it has maximum sustained winds of 45 mph . the hurricane center issued tropical storm warnings on sunday for the southeastern and central bahamas as well as for the turks and caicos islands . cristobal is moving to the northwest but is expected to turn to the northeast in the coming days and miss the u.s . coastline .
( cnn ) -- traffic on interstate 15 in southern california was backed up for miles early tuesday after a new overpass in the city of hesperia caught fire , a fire official said . the major artery between los angeles and las vegas is expected to be closed for up to 48 hours while crews put out the fire and demolish the damaged structure , according to eric sherwin with the san bernadino county fire department . the bridge caught fire monday when sparks from blowtorches used to cut reinforcing bar ignited the wooden framework supporting the structure . hesperia is about 60 miles northeast of los angeles . college tour in california ends in fiery wreck , leaves 10 dead .
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities say they ' ve foiled a plot to assassinate two lawmakers . a group of suspected hitmen was arrested at a mexico city hotel and accused of planning to kill rep . ricardo monreal and sen . david monreal , brothers who are both federal legislators , mexico 's attorney general 's office said . authorities did not reveal a possible motive or specify how many people were arrested . both lawmakers are from mexico 's zacatecas state . cnnmexico.com contributed to this report .
a newborn baby is in intensive care at a brisbane hospital , as police investigate the cause of the two - week - old ’s life threatening head injuries . the investigation has been launched by the child protection investigation unit on the gold coast , according to the courier mail . the infant was rushed to gold coast university hospital on sunday and is now in the icu at brisbane ’s mater children ’s hospital . the two - week - old baby was first taken to gold coast university hospital ( pictured ) on sunday . the child ’s parents , from maudsland on the northern gold coast , are understood to be cooperating with police .
( cnn ) -- as the ceo of guardian life insurance , deanna mulligan has joined a small but powerful group of female business executives on the fortune 500 list . she talks to " leading women " about life at the helm of the 150-year - old insurance giant and how opportunities for female professionals are growing day by day . with women only holding 4.2 % of fortune 500 ceo positions , cnn takes a look at the pearls of wisdom shared by some of the world 's leading businesswomen on getting to the top -- and staying there . lauren said - moorhouse contributed to this report .
former portuguese prime minister jose socrates and three other people were arrested in connection with an investigation into suspected tax fraud , corruption and money laundering , the country 's prosecutor general 's office said saturday . socrates , who was detained late friday , was due to appear before a judge for questioning on saturday regarding an investigation of suspicious banking operations and money transfers , according to a statement from the prosecutor 's office . socrates was prime minister from 2005 to 2011 , when he stepped down after his socialist government was unable to push though austerity measures , which were intended to preclude a bailout to ease the country 's debt crisis .
( cnn student news ) -- september 21 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iran ; strait of hormuz . atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)the voices of some of france 's best satirists went silent when masked gunmen stormed the office of charlie hebdo on wednesday . now , cartoonists around the world are breaking out their pens and brushes to pay tribute to the victims of the attack at the paris magazine . we 're compiling some of the best ones we ' ve come across here -- if you ' ve seen one you think we should put up , let us know in the comments . and click here to see more cartoons from our staff and readers .
( cnn ) -- scientists are studying what caused tsunami - like waves that observers spotted near the new jersey coast earlier this month . " the source is complex and still under review , " the national weather service 's west coast / alaska tsunami warning center says on its website . in new jersey 's barnegat inlet , a fisherman said he saw a massive , 6-foot - tall wave surging toward the coast on june 13 . tsunami - like waves were observed at more than 30 tide gauges in areas along the east coast , the center said . meteorological factors and the slumping of the continental shelf east of new jersey may have played a role , the center said .
( cnn student news ) -- may 25 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . mexico . alaska ; japan . waterloo , new york . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
a lockdown imposed tuesday afternoon at indiana university - purdue university indianapolis has been lifted , according to the school 's twitter account . students and staff at the university had been asked to take shelter earlier tuesday afternoon while police investigated a report of an armed person on campus . according to the school 's twitter account and website , students were to " remain in shelter location until an all clear is received . " that all - clear message came at 4:36 p.m. " now returning campus to normal operations , " the tweet read . the school did not say whether any gunman had been found . about 30,000 students go to the school in indianapolis .
( cnn)can't see harry potter 's     albus dumbledore as gay ? harry potter author j.k . rowling has a terse message for you . rowling revealed that the hogwarts school headmaster was gay after " harry potter and the deathly hallows , " the final book in the boy wizard series , was released in 2007 . fan ana kocovic started the exchange by asking the author , " i wonder why you said that dumbledore is gay because i ca n't see him in that way . " " maybe because gay people just look like ... people ? " rowling wrote in her march 24 reply . rowling 's fans loved it .
( cnn ) -- a twin - engine propeller plane crashed into a house in north carolina on wednesday , killing two people on board , authorities said . the small plane crashed into a high point neighborhood -- clipping one home before crashing into a second and sparking a fire , said capt . denita lynch of the city 's fire department . the people inside the house at the time of the crash were able to escape unscathed . the fire was extinguished . according to the federal aviation administration , the plane was a hawker beechcraft be58 en route to nearby winston - salem , but was diverted to nearby greensboro 's piedmont triad international airport due to severe weather .
( cnn student news ) -- february 15 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . mobile , alabama ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- september 14 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . egypt ; libya ; democratic republic of congo . yemen . new york city ; chicago , illinois . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a communist party official in central china 's henan province was in police custody after authorities said he confessed to raping more than 10 girls , state - run media said sunday . li xingong confessed to the crimes during police questioning and will face " swift and severe punishment , " according to the xinhua news agency . li was the party 's deputy director in yongcheng city , xinhua said . the report did not offer additional details , such as the victims ' ages or where the alleged crimes took place .
a qantas jet bound for perth was forced to turn back to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid - air . the airbus a330 took off soon after 11 am but was back on the tarmac by 12.30pm after an indicator light showed a possible issue with the rear cargo doors , a qantas spokesman said . ' engineers are inspecting the aircraft . there is no evidence at this stage of a problem , ' he said . passengers will be moved to another flight due to depart sunday afternoon , he said . a qantas jet bound for perth has been forced to return to sydney airport after a safety light turned on mid - air .
london ( cnn ) -- britain 's royal air force scrambled jets monday to escort a passenger plane in for landing after a man made threats on an etihad airways flight , authorities said . the british national , 37 , was arrested on arrival , police in the county of essex said . the flight was bound for london 's heathrow airport from abu dhabi , but was diverted to nearby stansted airport . the plane landed safely and the airports are operating normally , officials said . there were no injuries . cnn 's carol jordan and antonia mortensen contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- russia plans to resume exporting flour on january 1 , 2011 , but a larger ban on exporting wheat , barley , rye and corn has been extended through next june , the state - run ria - novosti news agency reported monday . russia imposed a temporary ban on grain exports this year amid the country 's worst drought in decades . russian authorities have extended a ban on exports of wheat , barley , rye and corn through june 30 , 2011 , the news agency said . the country plans to resume exporting wheat flour and wheat - rye flour , the report said .
( cnn student news ) -- october 7 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city & stanford . nairobi , kenya . london , england . hong kong , china . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- miss wisconsin laura kaeppeler was crowned miss america 2012 at the pageant in las vegas on saturday night . the 23-year - old 's platform is mentoring children of incarcerated parents . she performed operatic vocals in the talent competition . miss oklahoma betty thompson , was first runner - up ; miss new york kaitlin monte , was second runner - up ; miss arizona jennifer sedler , was third runner - up ; and miss california noelle freeman , was fourth runner - up .
( cnn ) -- can you feel the change of seasons in the air ? it 's almost time for apple cider , pumpkin picking and leaves changing color . autumn days are coming soon . those shorter days tell trees that it 's time to shut down for the winter . as trees stop photosynthesis -- the process by which plants use sunlight and water to make food -- fall colors will start to appear . why do leaves change colors ? we know this amazing scientific process happens every year , but we ca n't help but be mesmerized by its fleeting beauty . to celebrate the season , cnn ireport chose some of our favorite autumn photos to share .
west ham want to take chelsea winger christian atsu on loan . the 22-year - old , who featured for ghana in the world cup , was signed from porto last year but loaned out to vitesse arnhem . aston villa are also interested . meanwhile , west ham have bid £ 12million for ecuador 's enner valencia but look like missing out on yehven konoplyanka of dnipro . options : chelsea youngster christian atsu is a target for west ham and aston villa . unlikely : west ham 's bid to sign yevhen konoplyanka from dnipro look to have ground to a halt .
( cnn ) -- with the european leg of the alpine skiing world cup in full swing , cnn 's alpine edge takes you inside five of the continent 's most high - profile locations . as the planet 's top skiers hurtle down the slopes , alpine edge will tell the stories behind the sport iconic resorts from france 's val d'isere to 2013 world championship venue schladming in austria . click the skier icons on the map to find out more about the prestigious venues cnn will cover between now and march 's season - ender in lenzerheide , switzerland .
( cnn ) -- twelve lebanese soldiers have been killed in the southern city of sidon since sunday , in fighting with armed followers of lebanese sunni hardline cleric sheikh ahmed al - asir , according to the lebanese state news agency . despite the casualties , the national news agency reported that the lebanese army had tightened its control over the al - asir compound . al - asir is a vocal supporter of the syrian rebels who have been fighting hezbollah and the regime of syrian president bashar al - assad . the violence from the ongoing civil war in syria has frequently spilled over into lebanon in recent months .
( cnn student news ) -- february 10 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . georgia . falkland islands . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- may 4 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . philippines . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- cuba recently eased restrictions on car imports and acquisitions in the country , doing away with a law that made icons of its old american pontiacs and chevys . though there have been some reports that new cars are so far prohibitively expensive for most locals , some fear the easing of the law spells the beginning of the end for these vehicular stalwarts . we asked ireporters to send in images of the country 's beautiful vintage u.s . cars -- have a look at some of the best in the gallery above and send in your own .
scott dann was a fraction offside when he set up glenn murray for palace ’s first goal ( 2 ) , but it would be harsh to put too much blame on assistant john brooks . he was spot on with two equally tight calls in the same move — before dann got the ball ( 1 ) and for murray ’s finish ( 3 ) . the speed of it , plus two players blocking his view , made it unbelievably hard for him to get all three right .
( cnn ) -- facetime : barham salih , prime minister , kurdistan regional government . as the us inches closer to the full withdrawal of its troops from iraq , not everyone is celebrating . the kurds in northern iraq fell victim to saddam hussein 's brutal regime more than 20 years ago . but even without him in power , they 're apprehensive about the future . mme sits down with the prime minister of kurdistan 's regional government , barham salih , to discuss the road ahead . marketplace middle east airs weekly at the following times ( all gmt ) : . thursdays : 1645 , . fridays : 0945 , . saturdays : 0715 , . sundays : 0615 , 1645 .
by . simon jones . david ospina is poised to become arsenal 's next signing . the nice goalkeeper has excelled for colombia but was on arsene wenger 's wishlist prior to the world cup . wenger has considered a number of options including norwich 's john ruddy but 25-year - old ospina represents better value at £ 4million . lighting up the world cup : ospina was widely recognised as one of the best ' keepers and will sell for £ 4million . meanwhile , arsenal 's wellington silva , 21 , is joining almeria on loan . playing with the stars : ospina managed to keep neymar at bay for colombia but they were knocked out .
lima , peru ( cnn ) -- seven children and two teachers were killed monday when a bridge collapsed in southern peru , according to a health department official . fifty - five others were injured in the incident , which occurred near a school in peru 's ayacucho province , said director maria torrealba . further details were not immediately available , nor were the conditions of those injured in the incident . journalist maribel salas contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- six people , including two children and the suspected shooter , were found dead in greenwood county , south carolina , an official said tuesday night . all died from gunshot wounds , said greenwood county sheriff tony davis . authorities believe it 's a " domestic - related incident . " the crime scene was along callison highway , according to south carolina law enforcement division spokesman tom berry . four crime scene investigators and three regional agents from that agency have been sent there to assist local authorities , berry added . about 80 miles west of the state capital of columbia , greenwood county has roughly 70,000 people , according to the u.s . census bureau .
london ( cnn ) -- singer justin bieber kept thousands of fans and their tired , outraged parents up way past their bedtime monday after arriving on stage nearly two hours late for a sold out show at london 's o2 arena . bieber was greeted by choruses of boos from the sell - out crowd amid scenes of tearful devastation as scores of sobbing school - aged " beliebers " were hauled away minutes into the singer 's set by parents desperate to catch last trains home on a school night . .
by . jonathan block . several pornographic images and unsettling phone calls were also received from the same china - based number . scroll down for video . sarah bajc ( left ) , the girlfriend of phillip wood ( right ) who was aboard malaysia airlines flight 370 that disappeared on march 8 , has received death threats . bajc stands in front of a sign scrawled with prayer messages for the passengers of mh370 . bajc ( left ) and wood ( right ) during happier times .
( cnn student news ) -- october 19 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a tour bus accident in southwest tibet left at least 44 people dead , china 's state - run news agency xinhua reported via twitter saturday . xinhua cited a spokesman with the regional government . the bus was involved in a three - vehicle pileup along the national highway in nyemo county in tibet , according to xinhua . it crashed against a sports utility vehicle and a pickup truck , and then plunged into the valley . photos showed the wrecked bus resting upside down by a riverbank . photos also showed emergency personnel and rescue workers carrying passengers from the scene in stretchers . dozens of pieces of luggage were piled to the side of the retaining wall .
( cnn ) -- google is well known for its elaborate campuses , offering employees extensive food choices , free haircuts , subsidized massages and plenty of ping pong . some of the perks are built into its work spaces , such as a rock - climbing wall at its boulder , colorado , office or an indoor bicycle lane in amsterdam . but overall , the tech industry has been setting the bar high for office aesthetics , using bright , open spaces and striking art . here is a look inside -- and , in some cases , outside -- the offices of a few major technology companies .
( cnn student news ) -- october 19 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . florida , illinois , ohio , virginia . pakistan . united kingdom . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the annual sporting jamboree is the highlight of the social calendar for rugby fans who flock to the hong kong stadium in their thousands . fancy dress and beer - fueled boisterousness are the order of the day for many of the 40,000-strong crowd as a party atmosphere descends on the city for three days at the end of march . on the pitch , 28 teams will battle it out in a total of 71 matches with defending champions fiji looking to repeat their recent success at the japan sevens .
( cnn student news ) -- march 16 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . silicon valley , california . austria . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)gunmen fired on police in a suburb of the southern french city of marseille on monday , the prosecutor 's office said . shots were directed at a police car , and police returned fire , according to prosecutors . there were no immediate reports of casualties . a swat team was sent to the scene . the gunfire erupted in castellane , a suburb in northern marseille that 's known for its drug - related activity . france has been under a heightened state of alert since last month 's terror attacks in paris that killed 17 people . french prime minister manuel valls is scheduled to be in marseille later monday .
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
( cnn ) -- the frail , humble man wrapped in a loincloth wearing round - rimmed spectacles is a symbol of india 's independence from british rule that happened today , 66 years ago . the late mohandas gandhi ( 1869 - 1948 ) is affectionately known as mahatma ( sanskrit for " great soul " ) and the father of the nation -- the instigator of peaceful , nonviolent protest that influenced social and political change . today , who carries the torch and continues this future superpower 's fight for a land that 's fair and free ? cnn has compiled the following list of a handful of india 's modern day activists on twitter , in no particular order : . .
( cnn ) -- no doubt , this has been a trying time for texas health presbyterian hospital dallas . first , health care workers at the facility sent a feverish thomas eric duncan home the first time he came to the emergency room , even though he 'd informed the nurse he 'd recently been in africa . then , after duncan was admitted and diagnosed with ebola , two of the nurses who were closely involved in his care contracted the deadly virus . earlier this month , barclay berden , the ceo of texas health resources , said the hospital had " made mistakes " and " we are deeply sorry . "
( cnn student news ) -- october 28 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . thailand . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)never mind that it 's six words long , the hashtag # fivewordstoruinadate is taking the twitterverse by storm . it topped the trending list in both the united states and the united kingdom . this new hashtag game has something for everyone -- from big corporations to regular folks . perhaps that 's why so many are joining in .
( cnn ) -- spaniard pop singer alejandro sanz has married raquel perera in a private ceremony in barcelona , spain , the couple announced wednesday . the newlyweds , who married on may 23 , then baptized their son , dylan , on saturday , the parents said in a statement . " it was a very beautiful day , unique and moving and everything went as we had dreamed , " the couple said in a statement about their wedding . sanz , 43 , who was born in madrid and raised in cadiz in the andalusia area of spain , is a singer - songwriter and guitarist known for his flamenco - inspired music . facebook founder mark zuckerberg updates relationship status to ' married '
( cnn ) -- jessica alba gave birth saturday to her second daughter with husband cash warren , according to a post sunday on the actress ' facebook page . haven garner warren weighed in at 7 pounds and measured 19 inches long , alba said in the posting . " healthy and happy ! big sister honor could n't be more excited about the new addition to our family , " the post read . she concluded the post by thanking fans for their support during her pregnancy . " it means the world to me . "
( cnn ) -- the annual sporting jamboree is the highlight of the social calendar for rugby fans who flock to the hong kong stadium in their thousands . fancy dress and beer - fueled boisterousness are the order of the day for many of the 40,000-strong crowd as a party atmosphere descends on the city for three days at the end of march . on the pitch , 28 teams will battle it out in a total of 71 matches with defending champions fiji looking to repeat their recent success at the japan sevens .
atlanta ( cnn ) -- a nigerian doctor has been diagnosed with ebola nearly three weeks after a liberian - american man with ebola died after traveling to lagos , nigerian officials said monday . nigerian minister of health onyebuchi chukwu told reporters that the infected physician had been treating patrick sawyer , a top government official in the liberian ministry of finance who died of ebola in a nigerian hospital july 20 . eight other people are being quarantined and three are awaiting ebola test results , the health minister said . read more about patrick sawyer 's death .
the u.s . coast guard is searching for a 13-year - old boy who went cliff jumping into the water with friends     in hawaii -- but never resurfaced . the boy jumped off a 15-foot cliff near hapuna beach state park on hawaii 's big island , the coast guard said . authorities have been looking for the boy since midday sunday . authorities are searching above , beneath and on the water 's surface . dive teams have scoured underwater , and the coast guard has been scanning by boat and helicopter . rogue waves sweep teen kayakers into pacific ocean .
tony pulis has rejected an offer to take charge of saudi arabian side al ittihad . the 56-year - old has been out of work since quitting crystal palace just two days before the start of the season . pulis is keen to make a return to the premier league instead but he has received no contact from qpr as speculation about harry redknapp 's future continues . tony pulis has rejected the chance to return to management with    saudi arabian side al ittihad . pulis has been out of work since a disagreement with crystal palace chief steve parish in the summer .
( cnn ) -- gunmen attacked a nightclub in northern mexico on monday night , killing at least nine people , a police spokesman said . the unidentified gunmen entered a nightclub in the city of monterrey late monday , opening fire on the staff and clients of the men 's club matehuala , said jorge domene , a nuevo leon state security spokesman . among the dead was a man who tried to escape through the roof of the bar and fell to his death into a neighboring establishment , domene said . northern mexico is among the areas most affected by drug cartel violence as police crack down and rival gangs attack one another for control of lucrative smuggling routes .
( cnn student news ) -- april 6 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . colorado state university ; santa cruz , california ; augusta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
heather watson is out of the japan women 's open after suffering a second round exit to kazakhstan 's yulia putintseva . the sixth seed was beaten 6 - 4 7 - 5 in what was the first meeting between the two . the british no 1 was looking to regain the title she won in 2012 , but at the utsubo tennis centre teenager putintseva , ranked 122 in the world , proved too strong . heather watson was beaten 6 - 4 7 - 5 in the second round of the japan open by yulia putintseva . the 46th ranked watson had lost in the first round of her last four tournaments before beating 102-ranked serb jovana jaksic earlier in the week .
by . simon jones . qpr goalkeeper julio cesar is wanted by benfica . the portuguese side are losing jan oblak to atletico madrid and want 34-year - old brazilian cesar as his replacement . target : qpr 's brazilian goalkeeper julio cesar is on the radar of benfica . rangers are also talking to norwich about a £ 5million deal for midfielder leroy fer , 24 . they have agreed a £ 5 m fee with ajax for striker kolbeinn sigthorsson and are holding further talks with free agent rio ferdinand on tuesday ahead of his expected signing . talks : rangers are hopeful of signing norwich city 's leroy fer ( left ) bobby zamora has been offered a revised one - year deal .
( cnn ) -- a communist party official in central china 's henan province was in police custody after authorities said he confessed to raping more than 10 girls , state - run media said sunday . li xingong confessed to the crimes during police questioning and will face " swift and severe punishment , " according to the xinhua news agency . li was the party 's deputy director in yongcheng city , xinhua said . the report did not offer additional details , such as the victims ' ages or where the alleged crimes took place .
( cnn ) -- two gunmen opened fire thursday on a team carrying out polio vaccinations in pakistan 's southwestern balochistan province , killing the police officer guarding them . " the assailants sped away on their motorcycle after the attack , " shah muhammad , a police official , told cnn . there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , which occurred in balochistan 's loralai district . a police investigation was under way . teams carrying out polio vaccinations in quetta , pishin , loralai and other parts of balochistan have been repeatedly attacked by militants . cnn 's marie - louise gumuchian contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- october 19 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- december 14 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china & japan . syria . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- at least 29 people died in a head - on crash involving two buses friday in northeastern nigeria , national police said . the buses caught fire , with 11 of the dead burned beyond recognition , according to a police news release . sixteen people were injured in the crash in daniski village in yobe state . nigeria 's roadways are among the deadliest in the world , according to the world health organization . causes of deadly incidents include human error , vehicle overloading , poor maintenance and bad roads . dozens killed in china bus crash . 12 killed in bus crash in mexico .
( cnn student news ) -- january 13 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . mississippi . haiti . new zealand & papua new guinea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- april 5 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . north korea ; guam . china . france . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
a 6.3 magnitude earthquake struck about four miles from the coastal city of sechura in northern peru on saturday , according to the u.s . geological survey . no damage or injuries were reported in the quake , which happened at a depth of six miles . the quake happened in a region that marks the boundary between two tectonic plates , where the oceanic crust of the nazca plate moves under the south american plate . these subduction zones are often the sites of volcanic activity and earthquakes . friday : earthquake strikes in sea off japan . monday : offshore earthquake shakes northern california . measuring the magnitude of earthquakes . the place where two earthquakes hit every hour .
( cnn ) -- as 2011 comes to an end , it is time to look back and reflect on another remarkable sporting year . from the highs of winning trophies and titles to the lows of losing some of sport 's much - loved figures , 2011 will be remembered with mixed emotions . with a new year on the horizon and the prospect of major sporting events like the london olympics and football 's euro 2012 finals looming large , cnn looks back at the year just ending and picks out a story from each of the 12 months . do you agree with our choice ? write in to let us know .
( cnn student news ) -- august 17 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . arizona & minnesota . afghanistan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- september 23 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . georgia . corrales , new mexico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 16 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . silicon valley , california . austria . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a democratic bill to overturn the supreme court 's hobby lobby decision , which allows some companies to refuse insurance coverage for contraceptives because of religious objections , failed to advance in the senate on wednesday . nearly all republicans voted against it . democrats argued the ruling last month was deeply unfair to women and blasted republicans for blocking the bill . republicans defended the religious rights of private companies impacted by the decision . the issue has strong implications for the 2014 midterm elections as each party tries to attract more women voters .
( cnn ) -- actress salma hayek has been named a knight of the legion of honour in france , according to an official government publication . hayek , 45 , is a mexican - born actress and producer . the notice in the official journal of the french government does not elaborate on why she is being honored , but cites her as an " active member of charities , 23 years of services . " the legion is france 's highest national decoration and " rewards the outstanding merits of citizens in all walks of life , regardless of social , economic or hereditary backgrounds , " according to the website of the grand chancellery of the legion of honour .
( cnn)you may want to plan a bbc binge - watching party . according to what 's on netflix now , the streaming service may be losing favorites like " doctor who " and " luther " come january 31 because of an expiring contract between the streaming service and bbc . that would mean missing shows like " little britain " and the original " house of cards . " of course , the " doctor who " fans have already launched a petition to " save the show " on netflix . we ' ve got our fingers crossed that the pair can work things out . if not , there 's always amazon prime .
kabul , aghanistan ( cnn ) -- three suicide attackers died saturday in a strike on a nato base in afghanistan 's capital , the interior ministry said . the incident occurred at camp phoenix in kabul . two of them detonated explosive devices near the base and another was shot and killed by police before he could set off bombs . the attackers also carried small arms and rocket - propelled grenades before they were killed . there were no other casualties reported by afghanistan authorities . nato 's international security assistance force did not have any immediate comment .
( cnn ) -- throughout its tumultuous history , berlin has seen strife and triumph unfold in its streets , from weathering the dark days of the cold war to emerging as a unified city in 1989 . so to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall , we asked readers to share their favorite things about berlin . from hip cafes and urban landmarks , to serene green spaces in the middle of the city , the list above shows just some of the things that draw millions of people to visit berlin each year . see all submissions for the best things about the city in english and german via cnn ireport and german newspaper tagesspiegel .
( cnn ) -- a 20-year - old saudi national was arrested in lubbock , texas , on thursday for allegedly researching and acquiring materials to make explosives , law enforcement sources told cnn . khalid ali - m aldawsari planned to target the home of former president george w. bush and other sites , the sources said . he faces a federal charge of attempted use of a weapon of mass destruction , the justice department said . from cnn 's jeanne meserve .
by . simon jones . west bromwich albion are in talks over a loan for liverpool defender andre wisdom on loan . manager alan irvine has lined up the move with a deal for aston villa 's alan hutton looking unlikely . irvine has signed hannover 96 left - back sebastien poconogli for £ 1.5 m but remain interested in australian left - back jason davidson too . west brom target : andre wisdom is in line for a loan move , like last season at derby county .
( cnn student news ) -- february 1 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; greensboro , north carolina . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
crystal palace and sunderland are among the clubs monitoring senegal international midfielder stephane badji . the 24-year - old impressed scouts during his country ’s 1 - 0 victory over egypt in cairo on saturday and is keen on a move to england . the 6 ft 3ins versatile midfielder was part of senegal ’s olympic squad in 2012 and plays for brann in norway but is understood to have a £ 600,000 release clause in his contract which has alerted premier league clubs looking for a bargain . stephane badji ( left ) is believed to have a £ 600,000 release clause in his contract at norwegian club brann . the 6 ft 3ins midfielder ( left ) has made two appearances for the senegal national team .
bad spellers will rejoice at the autocorrect function on our smartphones . but without total concentration , it has a sneaky habit of twisting your words into something rather rude - even during the season of goodwill . from kissing under the camel toe , to threatening to take the kids to see satan , damnyouautocorrect.com    has put together a collection of text message showing some of the funniest autocorrects sent over the festive period .
( cnn ) -- a man wearing an afghan military uniform attacked members of the nato - led international security assistance force in eastern afghanistan saturday , an isaf spokesman said . the gunman was killed and there were no isaf casualties , the spokesman said . so - called " green on blue " attacks killed dozens of coalition troops in 2012 , prompting the u.s . command in kabul to stop some joint operations with afghan security forces .
peshawar ( cnn ) -- three people have been been killed and 13 others injured in a suicide blast against a security forces vehicle in pakistan 's northwestern city of peshawar . a spokesman from peshawar 's lady reading hospital says that the three people killed included a woman , a civilian and a member of the frontier corps . peshawarâ¹s bomb disposal chief , shafqat malik , confirmed the blast as a suicide attack , saying 45 kg of explosive material was used in a car coming from the opposite direction and hitting the frontier corps . peshawar police chief ijaz khan said that a high ranking army officer was the target of the attack but he is safe .
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
( cnn ) -- at least 16 people were killed and 22 injured when a suicide bomber driving an explosive - laden car detonated near a car dealership in a town northeast of baghdad , police said . balad ruz is a mixed town of arab , kurd and turkmen residents , located in diyala province . violence was also reported in baghdad , where shootings and explosions were blamed for six deaths and injuries to more than 20 others , police in the capital said .
chelsea , sunderland and manchester city are keen on diego poyet who has left charlton after turning down their contract offer . the 19-year - old midfielder is the son of sunderland boss gus . the youngster came through charlton 's academy and managed to make 23 appearances for the addicks last season . video scroll down to watch diego poyet come face - to - face with optimus prime . property : poyet is expected to be unveiled by west ham despite interest elsewhere .
( cnn ) -- five people died when a regional airliner crashed and caught fire just short of a runway in red lake , ontario , canada , police said . two people survived the bearskin airlines crash sunday night , said ontario police sgt . rob mcdonough . he said a male passenger managed to pull a female passenger to safety before the plane was engulfed by flames . two pilots and three passengers died . they were not identified . mcdonough said everyone aboard was a canadian citizen . the 19-passenger metro fairchild had taken off from sioux lookout . the transportation safety board of canada said its investigators would arrive at the scene monday .
a 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck early sunday off indonesia , according to the u.s . geological survey . the quake rattled a remote swath of sea between the pacific and indian oceans , north of australia and east of timor - leste , some 5.6 miles ( 9 kilometers ) deep , according to the u.s . agency . it was centered approximately 212 miles ( 340 kilometers ) west - northwest of saumlaki in indonesia 's tanimbar islands , 217 miles east - northeast of dili , timor - leste , and 226 miles of ambon , indonesia . neither the pacific tsunami warning center nor the japan meteorological agency issued tsunami warnings or advisories immediately after the tremor .
( cnn ) -- ahmed ben bella , algeria 's first president after the country became independent from france in 1962 , has died at the age of 96 , algeria 's state - run news agency said wednesday . he passed away at his family home in algiers , algerie presse service reported . he was taken to a military hospital twice more than a month ago , the news service said . ben bella was president until 1965 , when he was deposed in a coup by houari boumedienne . people we ' ve lost in 2012 : the lives they lived .
( cnn ) -- twelve lebanese soldiers have been killed in the southern city of sidon since sunday , in fighting with armed followers of lebanese sunni hardline cleric sheikh ahmed al - asir , according to the lebanese state news agency . despite the casualties , the national news agency reported that the lebanese army had tightened its control over the al - asir compound . al - asir is a vocal supporter of the syrian rebels who have been fighting hezbollah and the regime of syrian president bashar al - assad . the violence from the ongoing civil war in syria has frequently spilled over into lebanon in recent months .
( cnn student news ) -- march 15 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china . vatican city . mississippi ; new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- october 19 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . florida , illinois , ohio , virginia . pakistan . united kingdom . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- october 28 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . thailand . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- september 9 , 2011 . download pdf map related to today 's show : . • new york city ; shanksville , pennsylvania ; arlington , virginia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
chelsea 's on loan midfielder oriol romeu goes up against sportsmail 's martin keown as the pair predict the scores for the weekend 's premier league and fa cup matches . the standout fixture in the league on saturday sees leaders chelsea welcome manchester united to stamford bridge , while aston villa and liverpool clash at wembley in the fa cup semi - final . find out how romeu and keown get on , plus make your own predictions . chelsea midfielder oriol romeu , currently on loan at stuttgart , predicts the scores for the weekend 's matches . romeu is currently on a season - long loan at bundesliga side stuttgart .
each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our travel photo of the day . click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? submit it for the gallery at cnn ireport !
( people.com ) -- reports that producers of nbc 's " the voice " plan to fire coach christina aguilera are baseless , says the network . " there is absolutely no truth to the rumor , " paul telegdy , nbc executive vice president , alternative programming , said in an official statement . aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition , which is set to premiere next february 5 in a key scheduling slot following the super bowl . cee lo green , adam levine and blake shelton will continue to work alongside aguilera in the coaching chairs . see full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
sunderland have signed inter milan 's ricky alvarez on a season - long loan deal . the clubs have agreed a fee of £ 1million for the move but could make the deal permanent for £ 8.5 m , assuming sunderland stay in the premier league . alvarez , 26 , is a 6 ft 2 in attacking midfielder and has been capped seven times by argentina and was part of his country 's world cup squad in brazil . on the move : sunderland have signed ricky alvarez on loan from inter milan with a view to a permanent deal .
( cnn ) -- an unmanned drone crashed on a south korean island near its disputed maritime border with the north , the country 's defense ministry said tuesday . the drone crashed on the baekryeong island on monday afternoon , the ministry said -- soon after north and south korean artillery batteries exchanged hundreds of shells across their western sea border . the south korean military is investigating . the country 's yonhap news agency , quoting an unnamed government source , said the drone crashed near the western sea border , known as the northern limit line after the artillery exchange -- raising the possibility that it was a north korean reconnaissance plane .
( cnn ) -- publicly expressing deeply held emotions is not always easy . when attending a rally , displaying a clever sign can attract more attention than even the most powerful chant . tuesday 's protests in front of the u.s . supreme court attracted outspoken crowds on both sides of the debate over same - sex marriage . the arguments wednesday on the constitutionality of the defense of marriage act drew similar crowds . here are 16 signs that mixed bravery and humor with a strong point of view . share your images of the rallies by tagging # cnnireport on instagram , or share your reaction to the hearings . mobile users click here to see the storify . .
seoul , south korea ( cnn ) -- south korea will hold its largest - ever winter live - fire drills thursday in an area adjacent to north korea , the south korean army said on wednesday . the drills are scheduled as tensions between the two countries remain high . south korea held live - fire military exercises earlier this week , a move that north korea said could ignite a war . both koreas have traded tough talk and conducted military drills in the weeks after north korea shelled a south korean island last month . see more of cnn.com 's koreas coverage . the attack killed two marines and two civilians .
( cnn student news ) -- march 15 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china . vatican city . mississippi ; new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- london heathrow , the world 's busiest airport in terms of international passengers , has just celebrated its busiest day ever , with 137,000 people departing from the airport on august 13 . but it 's not the only airport in the world to boast impressive numbers . here , we ' ve enlisted the help of the world authority on superlative achievements -- guinness world records -- to compile a gallery of record - breaking airports from across the globe . are you a window flier or aisle seater ? tsa to investigate racial profiling claims . policy on unaccompanied kids causes flap .
( cnn ) -- if you 're the kind of person who 's happiest spending your two weeks off helping to look after elephants in thailand or working for free on an organic farm in new zealand , then perhaps you ' ve been on a volunteer vacation . more people than ever before are going on volunteer vacations , also known as " voluntourism , " and if you ' ve had an inspiring experience helping others while on holiday we 'd like you to upload images and video of your experience to cnn ireport . we 'll use the best images and video on cnn.com and those of you with particularly compelling stories could be featured in an article .
by . associated press . published : . 13:21 est , 17 march 2014 . | . updated : . 14:42 est , 17 march 2014 . a chevrolet traverse ls , one of the 1.2 million suvs gm is recalling over an air bag issue . a chevrolet express van , one of the more than 300,000 vans under a gm recall over faulty material on the instrument panel .
( cnn student news ) -- january 18 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- september 28 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- april 27 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . liberia & sierra leone . netherlands . california . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the recent incident involving chelsea and england captain john terry and queens park rangers ' anton ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . the decision by london 's metropolitan police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the october 23 match follows allegations made by manchester united 's patrice evra of racial abuse from liverpool striker luis suarez during an english premier league clash . these two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .
( cnn ) -- the new scientist eureka prize for science photography is awarded annually for photographs that effectively communicate an aspect of science . part of the australian museum eureka prizes , and open only to australians , this year 's entries show everything from exotic insects to solar flares and diseased neurons . here are the 10 best entries , selected by the organizers . the winner will be announced on august 28 .
( cnn ) -- facetime : barham salih , prime minister , kurdistan regional government . as the us inches closer to the full withdrawal of its troops from iraq , not everyone is celebrating . the kurds in northern iraq fell victim to saddam hussein 's brutal regime more than 20 years ago . but even without him in power , they 're apprehensive about the future . mme sits down with the prime minister of kurdistan 's regional government , barham salih , to discuss the road ahead . marketplace middle east airs weekly at the following times ( all gmt ) : . thursdays : 1645 , . fridays : 0945 , . saturdays : 0715 , . sundays : 0615 , 1645 .
( cnn ) -- a possible tornado damaged several buildings thursday at the ohio state university satellite campus in wooster , ohio , the national weather service and local fire officials said . the storm destroyed greenhouses and outer structures at the agricultural research and developmental center , said capt . rody walter of the wooster fire department . other campus buildings were damaged , as well as residences . one home reportedly collapsed . there were no fatalities , walter said . people with minor injuries were treated on scene and at wooster community hospital .
( cnn ) -- a 12-year - old girl allegedly kidnapped in south carolina is back home after federal agents arrested the man accused of taking her , the fbi said friday . fbi agents found jesus alanda lozada , 26 , and julieta yoselin at a home in atlanta , georgia , late thursday night . yoselin had last been seen monday in the parking lot of a drug store in clemson , south carolina . authorities thought that lozada , a friend of julieta 's family , might be taking the girl to mexico . the investigation led authorities to atlanta . lozada was being held in atlanta , the fbi said .
( cnn ) -- the recent incident involving chelsea and england captain john terry and queens park rangers ' anton ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . the decision by london 's metropolitan police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the october 23 match follows allegations made by manchester united 's patrice evra of racial abuse from liverpool striker luis suarez during an english premier league clash . these two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .
( cnn ) -- muslim brotherhood leader mohammed badie and 36 other supporters of ousted egyptian president mohamed morsy got life sentences saturday in cairo , state media reported . the defendants are accused of inciting violence . an additional 10 defendants sentenced to death in june have had their sentences upheld by egypt 's grand mufti , who , by law , must review capital punishment decisions . this is the second sentence handed down to badie , who was found guilty and sentenced to death in april . he was convicted of taking part in a deadly attack on a police station last year . read more : egypt court upholds 183 death sentences . read more : hundreds of muslim brotherhood supporters face death .
( cnn ) -- the recent incident involving chelsea and england captain john terry and queens park rangers ' anton ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . the decision by london 's metropolitan police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the october 23 match follows allegations made by manchester united 's patrice evra of racial abuse from liverpool striker luis suarez during an english premier league clash . these two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .
( cnn ) -- delta air lines tweeted what was supposed to be a celebratory message after team usa defeated ghana in monday 's world cup match . it turned into a bit of a fiasco when twitter users had to inform the company that , while ghana has abundant wildlife , including lions , it does n't have wild giraffes . the mistake gave the impression the airline did not do its homework about the country . .
( cnn student news ) -- october 28 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . thailand . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- may 11 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . london , united kingdom ; greece . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- dry ice in a plastic bottle exploded in an employee restroom at los angeles international airport , causing a brief shutdown of one terminal , the fbi said . the restroom is an area of terminal 2 not open to the general public , fbi spokeswoman laura eimiller said in a statement . the fbi and other agencies " will investigate the incident to determine the individual or group responsible , " eimiller said . no injuries were reported , and terminal 2 resumed operations after a brief evacuation . terminal 2 is the airport 's " secondary international terminal , " airport spokesman nancy castle said .
manny pacquiao will return to china on november 22 to take on chris algieri in the gambling mecca of macau . the filipino 's wbo welterweight title will be up for grabs as algieri moves up a division following his shock win over ruslan provodnikov last month . showdown : manny pacquiao will return to china to take on chris algieri in the gambling mecca of macau . pacquiao first fought in macau when he outpointed brandon rios last year to end a two - fight losing streak . he then dominated timothy bradley in their las vegas rematch in april . video mayweather plans to knock out maidana .
• the twins get a check - up ( 2/26/08 ) • video : nancy grace introduces on set 2 - 14 - 08     • the twins go out for a stroll ( 2/11/08 ) • the twins at 3 months ( 2/4/08 ) • the twins in january ( 1/21/08 ) • video : first video of nancy grace 's twins     e - mail to a friend .
( cnn ) -- as 2011 comes to an end , it is time to look back and reflect on another remarkable sporting year . from the highs of winning trophies and titles to the lows of losing some of sport 's much - loved figures , 2011 will be remembered with mixed emotions . with a new year on the horizon and the prospect of major sporting events like the london olympics and football 's euro 2012 finals looming large , cnn looks back at the year just ending and picks out a story from each of the 12 months . do you agree with our choice ? write in to let us know .
( cnn student news ) -- april 20 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . india . gulf of mexico ; littleton , colorado ; washington , d.c . ; tennessee . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- venezuelan president hugo chavez has arrived in his home country from cuba , where he underwent cancer treatment , the venezuelan state - run broadcaster vtv reported saturday . he returned after roughly a week in cuba , where he received chemotherapy treatment . chavez underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor last month . he has not said what type of cancer he has . vtv published an image of the president arriving saturday night .
( cnn student news ) -- april 12 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . london . wilcox county , georgia ; oregon . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
tony pulis has rejected an offer to take charge of saudi arabian side al ittihad . the 56-year - old has been out of work since quitting crystal palace just two days before the start of the season . pulis is keen to make a return to the premier league instead but he has received no contact from qpr as speculation about harry redknapp 's future continues . tony pulis has rejected the chance to return to management with    saudi arabian side al ittihad . pulis has been out of work since a disagreement with crystal palace chief steve parish in the summer .
by . simon jones . cristian rodriguez is close to leaving atletico madrid for sunderland . his representatives were in london over the weekend hoping to complete the deal . international : cristian rodriguez ( left ) speaks to daniel sturridge during the world cup . ever - present : rodriguez played in all four of uruguay 's world cup games . sportsmail revealed sunderland 's interest earlier this month and the uruguay international , known as cebolla or ' onion ' , is keen to sign with the prospect of playing every week . sunderland remain hopeful of striking a deal with liverpool also over fabio borini although it may be another loan .
( cnn ) -- a firefighter missing for eight days was found dead on friday in new mexico 's santa fe national forest , authorities said . token adams , a firefighter with the u.s . forest service , apparently died in an all - terrain vehicle crash , new mexico state police announced at a news conference friday . adams was last seen august 30 , riding an atv to investigate a possible fire in the holiday mesa area , according to john helmich , a spokesman with the forest service . more than 250 people had searched for the 41-year - old former navy seal , helmich said . the state police are investigating the crash . cnn 's amanda watts contributed to this report .
yaounde , cameroon ( cnn ) -- a french family kidnapped in northern cameroon earlier this year has been released , the cameroonian government said friday . the seven members of the family were handed over to government officials late thursday and are unharmed , said cameroon 's communications minister issa tchiroma bakari . the family of four children , their parents and an uncle were kidnapped in february in waza national park , a thickly forested area of northern cameroon popular among tourists and situated near the border with nigeria . read more : france says it will not negotiate with rebels who kidnapped family . read more : focus on islamist militants as french family seized in cameroon .
( cnn ) -- spaniard pop singer alejandro sanz has married raquel perera in a private ceremony in barcelona , spain , the couple announced wednesday . the newlyweds , who married on may 23 , then baptized their son , dylan , on saturday , the parents said in a statement . " it was a very beautiful day , unique and moving and everything went as we had dreamed , " the couple said in a statement about their wedding . sanz , 43 , who was born in madrid and raised in cadiz in the andalusia area of spain , is a singer - songwriter and guitarist known for his flamenco - inspired music . facebook founder mark zuckerberg updates relationship status to ' married '
( cnn ) -- video producer 's note : lasers are now being used to help people with disabilities communicate . cnn got a firsthand look at how this assistive technology works when sandy hanebrink , executive director of touch the future , gave us a demonstration of the lucy 4 keyboard at the abilities expo in atlanta . in the above video you 'll see how the technology has given a voice to people that would otherwise have no means of communicating on computers and smartphones . in what other ways do you think lasers can be used to help people with disabilities ?
( cnn student news ) -- november 2 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city ; new jersey . iran ; afghanistan . vatican city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- may 18 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . russia & kazakhstan . new york city ; washington , d.c . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- april 20 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . india . gulf of mexico ; littleton , colorado ; washington , d.c . ; tennessee . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- delta air lines tweeted what was supposed to be a celebratory message after team usa defeated ghana in monday 's world cup match . it turned into a bit of a fiasco when twitter users had to inform the company that , while ghana has abundant wildlife , including lions , it does n't have wild giraffes . the mistake gave the impression the airline did not do its homework about the country . .
( cnn student news ) -- november 30 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . new zealand . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- despite sporadic reports of violence , such as the deaths of 10 policemen in mombasa , so far kenyans have been keen to show a peaceful vote in the east african state . many have taken to social media to show images of long , peaceful voting lines , proud voters with ink stained fingers , and politicians casting their votes . cnn asked kenyans on instagram , facebook and twitter to show their images from voting day , and were flooded with responses . here are some of the best . check out the storify on mobile and send your election experiences to ireport . .
( cnn ) -- a pilot and a passenger died when a civilian plane crashed at eglin air force base in florida thursday morning , the air base said . the aero club beech aircraft belonged to a local flying club , said federal aviation administration spokeswoman kathleen bergen . she said foul play is not suspected . the accident occurred around 5:30 a.m.
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a truck carrying fuel for nato forces was set ablaze tuesday by suspected militants in pakistan 's southwestern province of balochistan , police said . the truck was on its way to nato forces in afghanistan when unknown assailants ambushed it and set it on fire near quetta , the provincial capital near the pakistan - afghan border , said police official muhammad khalil . trucks carrying fuel and supplies for nato forces have become frequent targets of militants opposed to american presence in the region .
( ew.com ) -- kelly ripa and michael strahan are headed to washington . on tuesday 's " live ! with kelly and michael , " the co - hosts announced their first - ever interview with president barack obama . the duo is headed to d.c . to talk to obama in the blue room of the white house , where they 'll discuss the recent " white house healthy kids and safe sports concussion summit , " among other topics . the interview will air friday , may 30 , 2014 . see the original story at ew.com . click here to try 2 risk free issues of entertainment weekly . © 2011 entertainment weekly and time inc . all rights reserved .
british number one heather watson resisted the challenge of jovana jaksic to reach the second round of the japan women 's open . the 22-year - old , who won the top prize in osaka two years ago , recovered from losing the opening set to her serbian opponent to triumph 3 - 6 , 6 - 4 , 6 - 2 at the utsubo tennis center . watson will face russian teenager yulia putintseva in the next round . heather watson fought back from a set down to beat jovana jaksic in three sets in osaka . watson kisses the trophy after winning her first tour title at the japan women 's open in october 2012 .
( cnn ) -- a 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck the philippines early tuesday , the u.s . geological survey said . the quake 's epicenter was reported to be in negros , about 360 miles south - southeast of manila . the earthquake had a depth of nearly 12 miles , the usgs said . there were no immediate reports of injuries or damage .
madrid ( cnn ) -- the office of libya 's prime minister sent a message to the spanish government listing " a series of proposals that could lead to a ceasefire , " a spokesman for spanish prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero said thursday . the message , from the office of prime minister baghdadi al - mahmoudi , was also sent to other european capitals , the spokesman said , adding that he could not name which capitals . spain has contributed military assets , including troops , to the nato - led mission to enforce a no - fly zone and protect civilians in libya .
( cnn student news ) -- may 25 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . mexico . alaska ; japan . waterloo , new york . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- april 2 is the fifth annual world autism awareness day . since 2007 , the day has aimed to raise awareness for individuals and families with members on the autism spectrum . in honor of the day , cnn ireporters shared their stories of what life is like with autism . some were inspiring , others were heartbreaking , but every single ireport offered a window into the little - understood world of life with autism . are you or a loved one living with autism ? we want to hear from you : the joys , the struggles and everything in between . share your story with ireport .
( cnn ) -- a democratic bill to overturn the supreme court 's hobby lobby decision , which allows some companies to refuse insurance coverage for contraceptives because of religious objections , failed to advance in the senate on wednesday . nearly all republicans voted against it . democrats argued the ruling last month was deeply unfair to women and blasted republicans for blocking the bill . republicans defended the religious rights of private companies impacted by the decision . the issue has strong implications for the 2014 midterm elections as each party tries to attract more women voters .
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
( cnn student news ) -- march 29 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington ; ellis island . hong kong . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- december 14 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china & japan . syria . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)books , films , quiz shows , comedies , documentaries -- there 's not a lot british television legend stephen fry has n't done . the beloved writer , actor and twitter devotee will sit down with cnn 's max foster monday afternoon , and he 'll be taking the best of your questions . what do you want to know ? tweet your question for fry with # askfry or leave it in the comments below . then watch this space for the full interview . full coverage : awards season 2015 .
queens park rangers misfit adel taarabt has turned down a move to atalanta , as he holds out for ac milan . but , after agreeing to swap alessio cerci for fernando torres with atletico madrid , the italian giants would rather sign another striker . adel taarabt is holding out for a move to ac milan but the italian side are reluctant to sign the qpr man . tottenham ’s roberto soldado and luiz adriano of shakhtar have been linked . spurs , meanwhile , are monitoring paris saint - germain midfielder adrien rabiot , 19 , who has been a target for roma and arsenal . tottenham and roma have bid for newell ’s old boys ’ striker ezequiel ponce , 18 .
jerusalem ( cnn ) -- a palestinian was killed after israel bombed two tunnels in the south of gaza , palestinian medical officials said on friday . israel -- which also bombed a weapons storage facility in northern gaza -- said its strike was in response to mortars that were fired into israel and hit a government building in the southern district . a search is going on for another palestinian thought to be in the rubble . in a statement , israel defense forces ( idf ) said it " remains committed to protecting " israeli citizens against terror . " the idf holds hamas solely responsible for terror emanating from the gaza strip , " the statement said .
( cnn student news ) -- january 11 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . massachusetts ; florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a suspected u.s . drone strike killed three alleged militants in pakistan 's tribal region tuesday , intelligence officials in pakistan said . the suspected drone fired two missiles on a vehicle believed to be carrying militants in the area of angoor adda of south waziristan , one of the seven districts of pakistan 's volatile tribal region bordering afghanistan , two intelligence officials said . it was the 22nd suspected u.s . drone strike in pakistan this year , compared with 111 in all of 2010 , according to a cnn count . the intelligence officials asked not be named because they were not authorized to speak to the media . journalist nasir habib contributed to this report .
san lorenzo will play real madrid in saturday 's fifa world club final after the argentine side beat auckland city 2 - 1 in extra time on wednesday night . pablo barrientos fired san lorenzo into the lead just before half time before    angel berlanga equalised for auckland city in the 67th minute . but , mauro matos pounced early on in the first half of extra time to put the argentines ahead again . a place in the final against the galacticos now awaits san lorenzo with the finale due to take place on saturday night in morocco .
berlin ( cnn ) -- police arrested three chinese nationals after authorities uncovered about 100 snakes , 70 tortoises and 20 neon - colored frogs in their hotel room in western germany , according to a police spokesman . the discovery was made friday after a hotel employee found a snake on a stairway and alerted authorities , said cologne police spokesman stefan kirchner . the guests were arrested on suspicion of illegally importing the animals , he said . " after paying several thousand euro for deposit , they were released on friday evening , " added kirchner . the creatures have since been relocated to cologne city zoo .
( cnn)one person was killed after more than 100 cars piled up on interstate 94 near kalamazoo , michigan , state police said friday . about 20 more were injured , with 10 of those injuries " more serious " in nature , michigan state police officer shane criger said . one of the tractor - trailers involved in the wreck was carrying fireworks that can be seen on video detonating .
( cnn ) -- no doubt , this has been a trying time for texas health presbyterian hospital dallas . first , health care workers at the facility sent a feverish thomas eric duncan home the first time he came to the emergency room , even though he 'd informed the nurse he 'd recently been in africa . then , after duncan was admitted and diagnosed with ebola , two of the nurses who were closely involved in his care contracted the deadly virus . earlier this month , barclay berden , the ceo of texas health resources , said the hospital had " made mistakes " and " we are deeply sorry . "
a lockdown imposed tuesday afternoon at indiana university - purdue university indianapolis has been lifted , according to the school 's twitter account . students and staff at the university had been asked to take shelter earlier tuesday afternoon while police investigated a report of an armed person on campus . according to the school 's twitter account and website , students were to " remain in shelter location until an all clear is received . " that all - clear message came at 4:36 p.m. " now returning campus to normal operations , " the tweet read . the school did not say whether any gunman had been found . about 30,000 students go to the school in indianapolis .
( cnn ) -- at least 16 people were killed and 22 injured when a suicide bomber driving an explosive - laden car detonated near a car dealership in a town northeast of baghdad , police said . balad ruz is a mixed town of arab , kurd and turkmen residents , located in diyala province . violence was also reported in baghdad , where shootings and explosions were blamed for six deaths and injuries to more than 20 others , police in the capital said .
( cnn student news ) -- september 14 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . egypt ; libya ; democratic republic of congo . yemen . new york city ; chicago , illinois . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
paterson , new jersey ( cnn ) -- a new jersey judge monday ordered $ 338 million powerball jackpot winner pedro quezada to pay $ 30,000 in back child support to the mother of three of his children . the payment clears quezada 's record , probation officials said during a hearing in paterson . quezada told the judge that the children will now live with him . family court judge ernest caposela warned quezada -- who is expected to net approximately $ 152 million after taxes -- that he 'll be approached with lots of investment offers , but the best investment would be in his children .
( cnn student news ) -- august 31 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . tampa , florida ; gulf of mexico . london . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
a lockdown imposed tuesday afternoon at indiana university - purdue university indianapolis has been lifted , according to the school 's twitter account . students and staff at the university had been asked to take shelter earlier tuesday afternoon while police investigated a report of an armed person on campus . according to the school 's twitter account and website , students were to " remain in shelter location until an all clear is received . " that all - clear message came at 4:36 p.m. " now returning campus to normal operations , " the tweet read . the school did not say whether any gunman had been found . about 30,000 students go to the school in indianapolis .
( cnn ) -- a pair of suicide car bombs exploded near a security checkpoint in central baghdad monday morning , killing at least three people and wounding 20 others , iraq 's interior ministry said . the casualties included iraqi security forces and civilians , according to the ministry . the attack took place at the western entrance to the green zone -- a heavily fortified area which houses iraqi government offices and many foreign embassies , including the u.s . and british embassies .
by . simon jones . sunderland are hoping the arrival of frank lampard at manchester city can push jack rodwell towards them . manager gus poyet has been keen to sign the 23-year - old rodwell all summer but faces competition from west brom and southampton among others . rodwell is keen to leave city and play more regularly having played just 10 games last season . video scroll down to watch jack rodwell take part in sportsmail freestyle . fresh start : jack rodwell ( left ) has struggled to hold down a place in the manchester city side .
sunderland have enquired about striker paolo guerrero after his club corinthians rejected a similar approach from west ham . the peruvian international , who spent eight years in germany with bayern munich and hamburg , has scored 19 goals in 49 appearances . meanwhile , the agent of sunderland 's alfred n'diaye has met real betis officials in a fresh bid to finalise the midfielder 's move . wanted man : sunderland have made an approach for corinthians ' peruvian striker paolo guerrero . on the move : sunderland midfielder alfred n'diaye has met with real betis officials to finalise a move to spain . video second half reaction pleasing - poyet .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- actor david arquette ended a one - month stint in a rehab facility , his representative said sunday . " he has left after completing treatment , " arquette representative cindy guagenti said . arquette , who split from wife courteney cox in october , entered a live - in rehab facility over the new year 's weekend , his rep said at the time . cox and arquette were married for 11 years and have a 6-year - old daughter , coco . cnn 's jack hannah contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- a magnitude 5.6 earthquake hit chile 's central coast on tuesday , according to the u.s . geological survey . the quake 's epicenter was in the coquimbo region , 100 miles north of the city of valparaiso . it struck just after 8:20 p.m. ( 6:20 p.m. et ) at a depth of 14.6 miles . no tsunami warning had been issued , and there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . earthquakes do not frequently hit the area , and some communications problems were reported after the quake , juan carlos ossandon of radio balneario de los vilos told cnn chile .
london , england ( cnn ) -- commonly thought of as a victorian disease , tuberculosis , or tb , remains a persistent global health problem . it is a common disease of the lung that is airborne and highly contagious . if left untreated , tuberculosis can be deadly . it is found everywhere in the world . many myths and misconceptions abound about tb . but how much do you know about the disease ? here , cnn compiles tb 's killer facts : .
( cnn ) -- suspended new york yankee alex rodriguez has dropped a medical malpractice lawsuit against the yankees ' team doctor and new york presbyterian hospital , according to court paperwork filed thursday . rodriguez had alleged that the yankees ' dr . christopher s. ahmad had misdiagnosed rodriguez 's hip injury , clearing him for play when a second doctor recommended surgery . cnn national correspondent jason carroll contributed to this report .
by . simon jones . blackburn have taken carlos cuellar on trial . the 32-year - old spanish defender is on the lookout for a club after being released by sunderland . bargain : spanish defender carlos cuellar is available on a free after his release from sunderland . villan : cuellar spent four years at villa park after leaving rangers in 2008 . blackburn are also taking a look at former leeds goalkeeper jamie ashdown , 33 , and ex - west ham defender jordan spence , 24 . meanwhile , doncaster have signed middlesbrough forward curtis main as part of the exchange deal for james husband and former arsenal full - back cedric evina .
( cnn ) -- a vessel carrying about 100,000 gallons of petroleum products struck a submerged object and was sinking in the mississippi river on monday night . officials closed a section of the river near leclaire , iowa , to deal with the oil that was discharging from the towboat , the coast guard said . nine crew members were aboard the 144-foot stephen l. colby when the accident occurred . all were able to make it to safety . the cause is under investigation .
newcastle defender mapou yanga - mbiwa has agreed to join marseille on loan with an option to make the deal permanent . the magpies are poised to give it the go - ahead although they have mike williamson suspended while roma have an interest in davide santon . meanwhile , newcastle remain keen on pardew remain keen on qpr 's loic remy and alexandre lacazette of lyon . on the move : newcastle defender mapou yanga - mbiwa ( centre ) is a target for french club marseille .
( cnn ) -- miss wisconsin laura kaeppeler was crowned miss america 2012 at the pageant in las vegas on saturday night . the 23-year - old 's platform is mentoring children of incarcerated parents . she performed operatic vocals in the talent competition . miss oklahoma betty thompson , was first runner - up ; miss new york kaitlin monte , was second runner - up ; miss arizona jennifer sedler , was third runner - up ; and miss california noelle freeman , was fourth runner - up .
( cnn ) -- at least 16 people in iraq were killed tuesday in 10 car bombs , police said . at least 90 people were wounded . three blasts occurred in the capital , baghdad , and seven were reported to the south , in babil province . three of the suspected bombs blew up in babil 's capital , hilla . amateur video posted on youtube shows a car exploding in a garage in hilla , a huge blaze and several vehicles on fire . iraq has been engulfed in political and sectarian violence for months . sixteen people were killed in separate attacks monday .
( cnn ) -- security forces arrested eight members of a group linked to al qaeda on friday in a spanish enclave in north africa , authorities said . " we have broken up a network responsible for sending combatants to al qaeda - linked terrorist groups operating in syria , " the spanish interior ministry said in a statement . the suspects were captured in ceuta , a spanish enclave that borders morocco . authorities said the network was based in ceuta and the nearby moroccan city of fnideq . it recruited , trained and paid for terrorists to fight in other countries .
( cnn student news ) -- may 11 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . london , united kingdom ; greece . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)actress liza minnelli has entered a rehab facility for her addictions , a spokesman said . " liza minnelli has valiantly battled substance abuse over the years and whenever she has needed to seek treatment she has done so , " said spokesman scott gorenstein .     " she is currently making excellent progress at an undisclosed facility . " the 68-year - old has struggled with addictions to alcohol and painkillers in the past . minnelli won an oscar in 1973 for her performance in " cabaret . " cnn 's topher gauk - roger contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- the cannes film festival wrapped up for another year this weekend , following the success of turkish flick " winter sleep , " which took home the top prize . as most of the stars -- and the yachts -- now nursing their hangovers in monaco , we take a look back at the weeks ' highlights - the boos ! the cheers ! what we loved , what we hated ... bought to you by host myleene klass and intrepid cnn producers neil curry and francesca church . all , of course , in glorious instavision ! .
celtic are in talks with cardiff city over a deal for south korea international kim bo - kyung . the 24-year - old midfielder was a target for the bhoys prior to joining cardiff in 2012 . bo - kyung has made nearly 60 league appearances for the bluebirds since signing from cerezo osaka two years ago . video scroll down to see deila preview the champions league qualifier against maribor . wanted man : celtic are in talks with cardiff over a move for south korea midfielder kim bo - kyung .
( cnn student news ) -- september 21 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iran ; strait of hormuz . atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
london ( cnn ) -- former british prime minister margaret thatcher , who died monday at the age of 87 , helped to shape the course of 20th century history -- but not everyone believes the iron lady changed things for the better . people around the globe took to twitter following the announcement of thatcher 's death to offer tributes , and debate her legacy for britain and for the world . .
( cnn student news ) -- october 7 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city & stanford . nairobi , kenya . london , england . hong kong , china . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- it 's time to layer up , again . parts of the united states , including coastal areas of the deep south , are going to see freezing temperatures and even a chance of snow this week . as the white stuff covers the landscape , it 's hard to imagine the millions of tiny , intricate flakes that make it up . above is a collection of extreme close - up snowflake photos from this winter season . add your own snowflake photos by uploading them to ireport . we 'll add some of the best to the gallery .
downton abbey 's famously grim butler , mr bates .
( cnn ) -- canadians feared this day , hoping it would never come but also knowing the odds probably were n't in their favor either . not in this era of senseless gun violence , home - grown jihadists , and terrorist organizations with international reach . on wednesday , a gunman opened fire in the heart of the canadian capital , shattering a nation 's sense of security . questions galore : what prompted the attack ? is there a link to terrorism ? whatever the answers , one thing is clear : as one resident put it , " canada lost its innocence today . " this is how it unfolded . .
( cnn student news ) -- march 29 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington ; ellis island . hong kong . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- april 6 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . colorado state university ; santa cruz , california ; augusta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- january 18 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)justin timberlake and jessica biel , welcome to parenthood . the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake , in statements to people . " silas was the middle name of timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar , who died in 2012 , while randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first , " people reports . the couple announced the pregnancy in january , with an instagram post . it is the first baby for both .
( cnn ) -- scientists are studying what caused tsunami - like waves that observers spotted near the new jersey coast earlier this month . " the source is complex and still under review , " the national weather service 's west coast / alaska tsunami warning center says on its website . in new jersey 's barnegat inlet , a fisherman said he saw a massive , 6-foot - tall wave surging toward the coast on june 13 . tsunami - like waves were observed at more than 30 tide gauges in areas along the east coast , the center said . meteorological factors and the slumping of the continental shelf east of new jersey may have played a role , the center said .
( cnn ) -- thanks to everyone who participated in our mystery photo challenge ! nearly all of you guessed correctly . the picture is of dubrovnik , a port city on the southern tip of croatia . to recap , these are the clues we provided . hint 1 : it is one of europe 's most historical ports . hint 2 : it is partially encased within a two - kilometer stone wall . hint 3 : it is nicknamed the " pearl of the adriatic . " ready to give it another go ? check the mainsail page , where we 'll post future mystery photo challenges .
( cnn ) -- hawaii 's governor neil abercrombie said the tsunami has caused tens of millions of dollars in damage and he plans to visit some of the damaged areas tuesday . the tsunami that devastated japan brought powerful waves to the hawaii islands last week . abercrombie has signed a " state of disaster proclamation " because of the damage . the proclamation will allow the state to get federal funds .
wolves are to rekindle interest in leicester city striker chris wood next week when the loan window opens . the molineux club made a £ 1.25 m bid for the new zealand international last month but failed to agree personal terms . championship side wolves are also looking to loan out defender roger johnson who saw a late move to genk fall through last week . wanted : wolves are to rekindle their interest in leicester frontman chris wood when the loan window opens .
a 6.3-magnitude earthquake struck early sunday off indonesia , according to the u.s . geological survey . the quake rattled a remote swath of sea between the pacific and indian oceans , north of australia and east of timor - leste , some 5.6 miles ( 9 kilometers ) deep , according to the u.s . agency . it was centered approximately 212 miles ( 340 kilometers ) west - northwest of saumlaki in indonesia 's tanimbar islands , 217 miles east - northeast of dili , timor - leste , and 226 miles of ambon , indonesia . neither the pacific tsunami warning center nor the japan meteorological agency issued tsunami warnings or advisories immediately after the tremor .
( cnn ) -- one - time republican presidential nominee bob dole has his candidate for 2016 : mitt romney . dole , a 91-year - old former senate majority leader and 1996 gop presidential nominee , said as he introduced romney , the party 's 2012 nominee , during a campaign rally monday : " i want him to run again . " dole and romney were in overland park campaigning for kansas republican sen . pat roberts , who faces a stiff challenge from independent businessman greg orman . romney brushed off the remark . " you never know what a 90-year - old is going to say , do you ? " he said . " i 'll tell ya . "
( cnn student news ) -- june 1 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . new york city ; michigan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- in the rich man 's world of diversified asset portfolios and international investment opportunities , luxury property in the right market equals hot property . but where do speculating millionaires and billionaires get the most bang for their buck ? is it in the suave sophistication of new york city , the ornate splendor of london 's townhouses or the ultramodern apartments of central shanghai ? we ' ve compiled the following list using data gleaned from the knight frank wealth report 2013 to show the most valuable locations for luxury properties .
( cnn student news ) -- december 9 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq . hawaii . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 22 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . israel . cyprus . south korea ; north korea . philadelphia , pennsylvania . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
it 's the final day of the cheltenham festival and our racing expert marcus townend is back with another video preview . marcus gives us his views on ap mccoy 's last ever day at cheltenham , reveals his tips for the day 's races and previews the big one - the gold cup . the action gets going at 1.30pm but stick with mailonline sport for the best build - up to and coverage of the greatest show on turf .
( cnn ) -- the president of the united arab emirates has undergone surgery after a stroke and is in stable condition , the ministry of presidential affairs said saturday . " the ministry announces that president his highness sheikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan suffered a stroke on friday morning , 24th january , " the ministry said in a statement . " he immediately underwent a surgical operation . his health is now stable . " it gave no further details . al nahyan became president of the uae in 2004 .
( cnn student news ) -- march 16 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . silicon valley , california . austria . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a suicide bomber detonated at hezbollah checkpoint in eastern lebanon early tuesday , lebanon 's state - run news agency nna reported . the casualties from the attack included hezbollah members and civilians , according to nna . additional details on their conditions were not immediately available . guards at the checkpoint located between the towns of sboba and wadi musa opened fire on the car as it approached the checkpoint . the vehicle then exploded . the blast took place near a hezbollah center for the region .
new delhi , india ( cnn ) -- police in the indian city of new delhi were probing an alleged rape of a 7-year - old girl , a case that sparked angry protests friday . no arrests have been made in the act , which allegedly occurred in the municipal school where the girl studied . tv footage showed the demonstrators pelting a bus with stones and smashing its windows , with police trying to control the protests . sexual assault on females is a hot - button issue in india . the country is still reeling from the horrific allegations against five men and a juvenile who are accused of gang raping and murdering a 23-year - old woman in new delhi in december .
( cnn ) -- at least 16 people in iraq were killed tuesday in 10 car bombs , police said . at least 90 people were wounded . three blasts occurred in the capital , baghdad , and seven were reported to the south , in babil province . three of the suspected bombs blew up in babil 's capital , hilla . amateur video posted on youtube shows a car exploding in a garage in hilla , a huge blaze and several vehicles on fire . iraq has been engulfed in political and sectarian violence for months . sixteen people were killed in separate attacks monday .
( cnn ) -- at least three people were killed sunday when a passenger train derailed near toronto , canadian officials said . all three people were employees of via rail canada , michelle lamarche , a spokeswoman for the railway , said , calling it a " very sad day for via . " at least 45 passengers were injured , three severely , according to john marginson , chief operating officer of via . the derailment occurred around 3:30 p.m. in burlington , about 40 miles southwest of toronto , lamarche said . the train , carrying 75 passengers , was traveling from niagara falls to toronto , according to lamarche . an investigation into the cause of the wreck is under way .
cnn 's going green : oceans will take you above and below the water for a unique perspective on how coral reefs impact the world 's oceans and you . join cnn special correspondent philippe cousteau as he explores australia 's great barrier reef with scientists from the catlin seaview survey as they map the extraordinary eco - system with pioneering photographic equipment . watch the 30-minute going green : oceans special on friday march 29 at 15:30 gmt ( 11:30 et ) . join cousteau online immediately after the show at 16:00 gmt for a live one - hour twitter chat about ocean health and how you can help promote and preserve biodiversity beneath the waves . send your questions to philippe using # cousteaucnn .
( cnn student news ) -- december 16 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq . washington , d.c . london , united kingdom . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 30 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . colorado & rhode island . afghanistan . north sea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- december 2 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq & kuwait . california ; tennessee ; boca raton , florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a plane carrying former president george w. bush was diverted to louisville on saturday night after the pilot reported the smell of smoke . the gulfstream iv aircraft was traveling from philadelphia international to dallas love field airports when the pilot reported the smell of smoke in the cockpit , said holly baker , spokeswoman for the federal aviation administration . she said the plane landed safely in louisville , kentucky . by early sunday morning , bush arrived safely home in dallas , his spokesman freddy ford said . bush 's legacy is on the mend . poll : you 're starting to remember bush fondly .
( cnn)a suicide attacker detonated a car bomb near a police vehicle in the capital of southern afghanistan 's helmand province on tuesday , killing seven people and injuring 23 others , the province 's deputy governor said . the attack happened at about 6 p.m. in the bolan area of lashkar gah city , said mohammad jan rasoolyar , deputy governor of helmand . several children were among the wounded , and the majority of casualties were civilians , rasoolyar said . details about the attacker 's identity and motive were n't immediately available .
( cnn ) -- actress mariska hargitay went to a hospital for tests wednesday after she " experienced some discomfort " related to the collapsed lung she suffered in january , her publicist said . mariska hargitay plays olivia benson on " law & order : special victims unit . " " she is undergoing routine tests and expects to be feeling better soon , " leslie sloane said in an e - mailed statement . hargitay stars as detective olivia benson in " law & order : special victims unit . " " production will not be affected , " sloane said .
( cnn student news ) -- february 10 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . georgia . falkland islands . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- wristbands are the latest craze in high - tech fitness hardware . nike+ and fitbit might ring a bell . but could headbands be the next big thing ? the canadian company interaxon is going there with the introduction of muse , a headband that links with your mobile device to read your mind . sure , brain stuff can be scary . but do n't worry . this one 's here for your own good . check out the video to see how it works .
( cnn ) -- throughout its tumultuous history , berlin has seen strife and triumph unfold in its streets , from weathering the dark days of the cold war to emerging as a unified city in 1989 . so to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall , we asked readers to share their favorite things about berlin . from hip cafes and urban landmarks , to serene green spaces in the middle of the city , the list above shows just some of the things that draw millions of people to visit berlin each year . see all submissions for the best things about the city in english and german via cnn ireport and german newspaper tagesspiegel .
london ( cnn ) -- former british prime minister margaret thatcher , who died monday at the age of 87 , helped to shape the course of 20th century history -- but not everyone believes the iron lady changed things for the better . people around the globe took to twitter following the announcement of thatcher 's death to offer tributes , and debate her legacy for britain and for the world . .
( cnn student news ) -- december 16 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq . washington , d.c . london , united kingdom . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the fbi on wednesday shut down a website advertising children for prostitution -- a move made as part of a broader crackdown on the sex trafficking of minors , law enforcement sources told cnn on condition of anonymity . federal agents closed myredbook.com in a raid in san francisco . two people were arrested on suspicion of operating the site , the sources said . the raid stems from a national child sex trafficking crackdown in which the fbi said it rescued 168 children and arrested 281 alleged pimps this month . some of the rescued children were identified through myredbook.com , one of the law enforcement sources said . the fbi acknowledged an ongoing investigation , but would not provide specific information .
west ham have been offered sassuolo striker leonardo pavoletti . the hammers have already signed frontmen enner valencia and diafra sakho to boost their attacking options but have been offered the italian . with record signing andy carroll out of action for four months having suffered an ankle injury , manager sam allardyce is keen for reinforcements . thumbs up : west ham have been offered sassuolo striker leonardo pavoletti . pavoletti scored 24 goals in 33 appearances on loan at varese as the serie b outfit struggles to an 18th - placed finish last term . the season before , the striker scored 11 goals as sassuolo achieved promotion to italy 's top division .
( cnn)books , films , quiz shows , comedies , documentaries -- there 's not a lot british television legend stephen fry has n't done . the beloved writer , actor and twitter devotee will sit down with cnn 's max foster monday afternoon , and he 'll be taking the best of your questions . what do you want to know ? tweet your question for fry with # askfry or leave it in the comments below . then watch this space for the full interview . full coverage : awards season 2015 .
( cnn ) -- throughout its tumultuous history , berlin has seen strife and triumph unfold in its streets , from weathering the dark days of the cold war to emerging as a unified city in 1989 . so to commemorate the 25th anniversary of the fall of the berlin wall , we asked readers to share their favorite things about berlin . from hip cafes and urban landmarks , to serene green spaces in the middle of the city , the list above shows just some of the things that draw millions of people to visit berlin each year . see all submissions for the best things about the city in english and german via cnn ireport and german newspaper tagesspiegel .
( cnn student news ) -- september 30 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . chicago , massachusetts & washington , d.c . china . puerto rico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
japan has long been the world leader in robotics research , but in recent years it 's also been leading the way when it comes to cutting - edge medical technology . a prototype " finger rehabilitation glove , " designed to aid recovery from paralysis . from robot nurses that can lift hospital patients in and out of their beds , to intelligent toilets that can dispense medical advice , japanese researchers are developing radical new approaches to health care . while many of these technologies are still at the prototype stage , it may not be long before they turn up in a hospital near you .
( cnn ) -- with the european leg of the alpine skiing world cup in full swing , cnn 's alpine edge takes you inside five of the continent 's most high - profile locations . as the planet 's top skiers hurtle down the slopes , alpine edge will tell the stories behind the sport iconic resorts from france 's val d'isere to 2013 world championship venue schladming in austria . click the skier icons on the map to find out more about the prestigious venues cnn will cover between now and march 's season - ender in lenzerheide , switzerland .
( cnn ) -- sir elton john and david furnish are now husband and husband . the two married sunday in britain , where same - sex marriage became legal earlier this year . they had a civil partnership ceremony in 2005 , after 12 years together . they have two children -- zachary jackson levon furnish - john and elijah joseph daniel furnish - john . the two men invited people all over the world to join them for the ceremony via elton john 's brand new instagram feed . .
( cnn ) -- " the walking dead " fans always fill cnn.com 's comments sections and ireport with questions and observations about tv 's hottest show . we asked executive producer gale anne hurd and actors norman reedus ( fan favorite daryl ) and laurie holden ( andrea , one of the most - discussed characters this season ) to respond to the " dead"-heads in our community , in time for sunday night 's season finale on amc . as " talking dead " host chris hardwick might put it , thanks for submitting your quemments ! ( and in case you did n't know , this gallery contains spoilers about the third season of the show . )
( cnn ) -- the australian navy has destroyed nearly 353 kilograms ( 780 pounds ) of heroin after intercepting the drugs on a smuggling vessel off the coast of tanzania , the australian department of defense said friday . authorities estimate the street value at 706 million australian dollars ( $ 630 million u.s . ) . a team from the aircraft carrier hmas melbourne boarded the smuggler ship wednesday during a sweep , according to a prepared statement . it tested the substance on board , determined it to be heroin , then confiscated it . members then extracted samples and destroyed the rest .
manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for valenciennes teenage defender dayot upamecano . the 16-year - old almost joined united in the january transfer window only for him to opt to stay in france for a few more months . centre - back umecano has played for france at u16 and u17 level . manchester city are rivalling manchester united and arsenal for valenciennes defender dayot upamecano . monaco , inter milan and paris st germain had also expressed interest . fourth - placed city face aston villa at the etihad stadium on saturday . manuel pellegrini 's manchester city side face aston villa at the etihad stadium on saturday .
( cnn ) -- as the ceo of guardian life insurance , deanna mulligan has joined a small but powerful group of female business executives on the fortune 500 list . she talks to " leading women " about life at the helm of the 150-year - old insurance giant and how opportunities for female professionals are growing day by day . with women only holding 4.2 % of fortune 500 ceo positions , cnn takes a look at the pearls of wisdom shared by some of the world 's leading businesswomen on getting to the top -- and staying there . lauren said - moorhouse contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- november 30 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . new zealand . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- facetime : barham salih , prime minister , kurdistan regional government . as the us inches closer to the full withdrawal of its troops from iraq , not everyone is celebrating . the kurds in northern iraq fell victim to saddam hussein 's brutal regime more than 20 years ago . but even without him in power , they 're apprehensive about the future . mme sits down with the prime minister of kurdistan 's regional government , barham salih , to discuss the road ahead . marketplace middle east airs weekly at the following times ( all gmt ) : . thursdays : 1645 , . fridays : 0945 , . saturdays : 0715 , . sundays : 0615 , 1645 .
( cnn ) -- a democratic bill to overturn the supreme court 's hobby lobby decision , which allows some companies to refuse insurance coverage for contraceptives because of religious objections , failed to advance in the senate on wednesday . nearly all republicans voted against it . democrats argued the ruling last month was deeply unfair to women and blasted republicans for blocking the bill . republicans defended the religious rights of private companies impacted by the decision . the issue has strong implications for the 2014 midterm elections as each party tries to attract more women voters .
( cnn ) -- gunmen attacked a nightclub in northern mexico on monday night , killing at least nine people , a police spokesman said . the unidentified gunmen entered a nightclub in the city of monterrey late monday , opening fire on the staff and clients of the men 's club matehuala , said jorge domene , a nuevo leon state security spokesman . among the dead was a man who tried to escape through the roof of the bar and fell to his death into a neighboring establishment , domene said . northern mexico is among the areas most affected by drug cartel violence as police crack down and rival gangs attack one another for control of lucrative smuggling routes .
( cnn ) -- push yourself . cherish family . vote . on this veterans day , cnn ireporters share the most important lessons they ' ve learned from vets in their lives . we heard from wives , girlfriends , husbands , children , grandchildren and friends of some of the 21.5 million veterans alive in the u.s . today -- and some who are no longer with us . visit cnnireport.com to see all the submissions and share your own . cnn 's daphne sashin , jamescia thomas and rachel rodriguez contributed to this report .
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits quebec in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 5 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
peshawar ( cnn ) -- three people have been been killed and 13 others injured in a suicide blast against a security forces vehicle in pakistan 's northwestern city of peshawar . a spokesman from peshawar 's lady reading hospital says that the three people killed included a woman , a civilian and a member of the frontier corps . peshawarâ¹s bomb disposal chief , shafqat malik , confirmed the blast as a suicide attack , saying 45 kg of explosive material was used in a car coming from the opposite direction and hitting the frontier corps . peshawar police chief ijaz khan said that a high ranking army officer was the target of the attack but he is safe .
( cnn student news ) -- december 16 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq . washington , d.c . london , united kingdom . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
by . simon jones . everton are signing belgium starlet david henen from anderlecht . blues boss roberto martinez confirmed his interest in the youngster following everton 's 2 - 2 draw with tranmere on tuesday night . wanted : everton boss roberto martinez has confirmed his interest in anderlecht starlet david henen . the 18-year - old was wanted by arsenal and manchester united but martinez has moved swiftly to bring in the talented teenager . henen has asked to wear the no 39 shirt as he is a fan of nicolas anelka . hero : henen has asked for the no 39 shirt as he his a big fan of former chelsea striker nicolas anelka .
( cnn ) -- u.s . authorities have seized more than 3 tons of marijuana from a tanker trailer traveling in texas ' rio grande valley , a spokesman from immigration and customs enforcement said . ross feinstein , a spokesman for the customs agency , said special agents seized the marijuana friday near falfurrias , texas . it was packaged in about 500 bricks wrapped in clear cellophane and duct tape , he said . the street value of the marijuana is approximately $ 5.3 million , according to ice spokeswoman adelina pruneda . she said 6,700 pounds of marijuana had been seized . cnn 's frances causey contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- canadians feared this day , hoping it would never come but also knowing the odds probably were n't in their favor either . not in this era of senseless gun violence , home - grown jihadists , and terrorist organizations with international reach . on wednesday , a gunman opened fire in the heart of the canadian capital , shattering a nation 's sense of security . questions galore : what prompted the attack ? is there a link to terrorism ? whatever the answers , one thing is clear : as one resident put it , " canada lost its innocence today . " this is how it unfolded . .
( cnn student news ) -- april 5 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . north korea ; guam . china . france . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) -- a suicide bomber attacked a shopping center in kabul city on monday afternoon killing at two people , officials said . the attack took place at the city center shopping mall , said police spokesman hashmatiullah stanikzai . he said a guard at the mall was killed , while another was wounded . the second fatality was a civilian , said kabir amiri , head of the central hospital .
( cnn ) -- at least 30 al - shabaab militants in somalia were killed in a joint raid by kenyan and somali forces saturday , officials said . the operation targeted an al - shabaab hideout in kolbio , somalia , col . cyrus oguna of the kenyan defense force said . the al qaeda - linked islamist group has been connected to the attack in nairobi 's westgate mall last month where 67 people were killed . saturday 's raid follows another operation earlier in the week , where kenyan warplanes targeted a militant training camp inside somalia . kenyan officials say the terror group has used camps to train operatives , including attackers who targeted westgate mall .
( cnn)it felt almost like a setup . when katy perry appeared on stage for the super bowl xlix halftime show , it was if she was saying , " you want memes , internet ? i 'll give you memes . " from her entrance on a giant mechanical tiger to the dancing sharks and " the more you know " star , it was everything . but do n't take our word for it : . and let 's not forget that vine of the backup - dancing shark that clearly missed rehearsal : .
( cnn ) -- one - time republican presidential nominee bob dole has his candidate for 2016 : mitt romney . dole , a 91-year - old former senate majority leader and 1996 gop presidential nominee , said as he introduced romney , the party 's 2012 nominee , during a campaign rally monday : " i want him to run again . " dole and romney were in overland park campaigning for kansas republican sen . pat roberts , who faces a stiff challenge from independent businessman greg orman . romney brushed off the remark . " you never know what a 90-year - old is going to say , do you ? " he said . " i 'll tell ya . "
( cnn ) -- the space shuttle endeavour undocked from the international space station for the last time late sunday , as the craft nears the end of its final mission . the scheduled 16-day mission began two weeks ago after multiple delays . when endeavour pushed away from the space station just before midnight , it had been docked for 11 days , 17 hour , 41 min , according to nasa 's website . the shuttle is scheduled to land at 2:35 a.m. et wednesday at kennedy space center in florida . space shuttle atlantis will make nasa 's final shuttle voyage july 8 on a mission to deliver supplies and spare parts to the international space station , the agency said .
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
( cnn student news ) -- april 12 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . london . wilcox county , georgia ; oregon . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- april 5 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . north korea ; guam . china . france . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- each year on good friday in pampanga , philippines , 75 kilometers ( 47 miles ) north of manila , devout catholics reenact crucifixions to demonstrate their devotion to god . it is the highlight of holy week and this year is scheduled to take place on friday , april 22 . in 2010 miguel candela witnessed the colorful and intense event .
( cnn ) -- one - time republican presidential nominee bob dole has his candidate for 2016 : mitt romney . dole , a 91-year - old former senate majority leader and 1996 gop presidential nominee , said as he introduced romney , the party 's 2012 nominee , during a campaign rally monday : " i want him to run again . " dole and romney were in overland park campaigning for kansas republican sen . pat roberts , who faces a stiff challenge from independent businessman greg orman . romney brushed off the remark . " you never know what a 90-year - old is going to say , do you ? " he said . " i 'll tell ya . "
( cnn ) -- have you ever been pulled over by airport customs for the strange items you pack in your suitcase ? ( egyptian artifact ? wiffle ball ? ) . or perhaps you have a tip for an unbeatable travel essential ? either way , cnn wants to get a peek inside your suitcase . next time you go on vacation , instagram or tweet @cnntravel a picture of the contents of your suitcase or your favorite travel item and tag it # howipack . we 'll feature the best submissions on cnn travel .
reanne evans , the 10-time ladies ' snooker world champion , begins her bid to make history and reach the world championship finals . the 29-year - old from dudley would be the first woman ever to reach the crucible should she win three qualifiers , but she faces a tough start in the form of 1997 world champion ken doherty . watch all the action below with our live video . reanne evans faces ken doherty ( right ) in her first qualifier for the world championship .
( cnn ) -- australian prime minister kevin rudd announced sunday that national elections will take place september 7 . it 'll mark yet another turn in australian politics . in june , rudd returned as prime minister of australia -- three years after he was replaced in the office by his then - deputy julia gillard . rudd challenged gillard for leadership of the labor party and won a 57 - 45 vote among fellow labor members of parliament .
( cnn ) -- wristbands are the latest craze in high - tech fitness hardware . nike+ and fitbit might ring a bell . but could headbands be the next big thing ? the canadian company interaxon is going there with the introduction of muse , a headband that links with your mobile device to read your mind . sure , brain stuff can be scary . but do n't worry . this one 's here for your own good . check out the video to see how it works .
( ew.com ) -- kelly ripa and michael strahan are headed to washington . on tuesday 's " live ! with kelly and michael , " the co - hosts announced their first - ever interview with president barack obama . the duo is headed to d.c . to talk to obama in the blue room of the white house , where they 'll discuss the recent " white house healthy kids and safe sports concussion summit , " among other topics . the interview will air friday , may 30 , 2014 . see the original story at ew.com . click here to try 2 risk free issues of entertainment weekly . © 2011 entertainment weekly and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn)one person was killed after more than 100 cars piled up on interstate 94 near kalamazoo , michigan , state police said friday . about 20 more were injured , with 10 of those injuries " more serious " in nature , michigan state police officer shane criger said . one of the tractor - trailers involved in the wreck was carrying fireworks that can be seen on video detonating .
( cnn ) -- former nfl star darren sharper has been fired by the nfl network , the channel 's vice president of communications told cnn . sharper had been suspended without pay after being accused of rape . he turned himself in to police in los angeles on thursday . sharper is wanted in new orleans in connection with the alleged rapes of two women . the orleans parish district attorney 's office in louisiana said sharper , 38 , and erik nunez , 26 , each face two counts of aggravated rape . if convicted , the two men face a possible sentence of life in prison without parole . the new orleans charges are in addition to charges sharper already faces in california .
( cnn ) -- the farnborough airshow attracts exhibitors and visitors from all around the world and is at the heart of developments in the aviation industry . its runways in hampshire , england have witnessed many aerospace engineering milestones - including the showcase of the first jet airliner , debut of concorde and the unveiling of the typhoon combat aircraft . initially held every year , farnborough has been organized biennially since the 1960s , alternating with paris in hosting the airshow .
dallas ( cnn ) -- authorities in texas briefly detained a man late wednesday after he lost control of his car while driving past the dallas home of former president george w. bush . the man was on his way to visit friends when the incident occurred , according to secret service spokesman ed donovan . he was authorized to come onto bush 's street , donovan said . there was no perceived threat to the former president , according to sgt . warren mitchell with the dallas police department . " president and mrs . bush are ok and they appreciate the work of the united states secret service and the dallas police department in responding to the incident , " said bush spokesman david sherzer .
( cnn student news ) -- may 25 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . mexico . alaska ; japan . waterloo , new york . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- october 19 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . florida , illinois , ohio , virginia . pakistan . united kingdom . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- february 1 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; greensboro , north carolina . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a car bomb detonated on a busy street in southeastern baghdad on wednesday night , killing 14 people and wounding 51 others , authorities said . several shops and vehicles nearby were damaged in the explosion in a predominantly shiite neighborhood known as new baghdad . in a separate incident wednesday night , three mortar rounds landed inside the heavily fortified green zone in central baghdad , iraq 's interior ministry said . it 's unclear whether there were any casualties . the green zone houses iraqi government offices , as well as the u.s . and british embassies .
( cnn student news ) -- october 19 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- september 30 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . chicago , massachusetts & washington , d.c . china . puerto rico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- january 18 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- snooki gives birth to a little bambina ! nicole " snooki " polizzi delivered a baby girl early friday morning . the former " jersey shore " star and fiancã © e jionni lavalle welcomed giovanna marie lavalle , who weighed in at 6 pounds and 7 ounces . polizzi took to twitter to announce the news , letting fans know giovanna has a full head of black hair and is , quote , " perfect . " this is the second child for the couple , who welcomed son lorenzo in august 2012 .
( cnn ) -- from e ! 's strange " fun facts " to diane keaton 's girl scout song , the golden globes delivered plenty of bizarre and wonderful moments in addition to an awards show . here are some of our favorites . for those unable to see the content on a mobile device , please click here .
( cnn student news ) -- june 8 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . massachusetts ; washington , d.c . ; tampa , florida ; charlotte , north carolina . london . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- february 1 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; greensboro , north carolina . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
kano , nigeria ( cnn ) -- scores of residents in four villages in the northeastern borno state of nigeria , near the border with cameroon , were killed tuesday in boko haram raids , a lawmaker and residents said . they said hundreds of homes were destroyed . heavily armed gunmen dressed as soldiers in all - terrain vehicles and on motorcycles attacked goshe , attagara , agapalwa and aganjara villages in gwoza district , shooting residents and burning homes . villagers fled into neighboring cameroon to escape the onslaughts , said peter biye , a lawmaker from the area who serves in the nigerian lower parliament .
producer 's note : everyone 's had their smartphone run out of juice right at the most inopportune moment . but now , through kickstarter , a company called siva cycle has created a new device to make sure this never happens to you again . it 's cheap . it 's practical . and it 's remarkably low - tech . we spoke to them via skype , and they showed us how it all works .
( cnn ) -- pirates in the indian ocean attacked and boarded an italian flagged and owned oil tanker on tuesday , the european union naval force somalia said . the incident occurred 670 nautical miles east of yemen 's socotra island . the mv savina caylyn was headed from sudan to malaysia when five people on a skiff launched a " sustained attack " on the tanker with small arms and rocket propelled grenades and then got on the ship . at present , there is no communication with the vessel and no information on the status of the 22-person crew , which includes 17 indians and five italians .
( cnn ) -- a russian spacecraft was launched sunday in kazakhstan , carrying crew members from three countries to a four - month deployment aboard the international space station . nasa astronaut sunita williams , japan 's aki hoshide and russian cosmonaut yuri malenchenko will join other crew members on the station , according to nasa . the soyuz tma-05 m was launched from the baikonur cosmodrome , according to nasa . the soyuz is expected to dock with the orbiting complex on tuesday , nasa said . the launch and docking of the expedition 32 crew members coincides with the 37th anniversary of the apollo - soyuz test project , the first docking of an american spacecraft with a russian spacecraft .
moscow ( cnn ) -- the death toll has risen to seven in a boat collision sunday in the center of the russian capital , state media reported . a private boat carrying 16 people collided with a cargo barge on the moskva river in moscow then sank , according to russia 's ria - novosti official news agency . the people onboard had been celebrating a birthday . authorities have confirmed seven survivors . two people are unaccounted for , the news agency said . rescue efforts are under way , and a crane is expected to arrive at the site of the collision to help free the private boat , which is still wedged under water .
london ( cnn ) -- a single ticket holder won more than 160 million pounds ( $ 255 million ) in the british euromillions draw tuesday night , lottery operator camelot said wednesday . lottery officials did not say if a winner has come forward . the winning numbers were 17 , 19 , 38 , 42 , 45 with lucky stars 09 and 10 . if a single person won the 161,653,000 pound prize , he or she will instantly become about as rich as david and victoria beckham , and wealthier than eric clapton or ringo starr , according to the sunday times 2011 rich list . cnn 's laura perez maestro contibuted to this report .
editor 's note : in celebration of international day of the girl ( october 11 ) and ada lovelace day ( october 14 ) , leading women is devoting the month of october to women and girls in stem : science , technology , engineering and math .
( cnn student news ) -- november 9 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . guatemala . japan . michigan ; utah . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- may 4 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . philippines . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
shannon mcdonnell has returned to wests tigers after three years in england . the full - back had spells with hull kr , hull fc and then st helens in 2014 , missing their grand final win over wigan with a broken jaw . shannon mcdonnell ( left ) has returned to australia with wests tigers after three years in england . the injury did not stop the 27-year - old making his ireland debut in the season - ending european championship , though . mcdonnell started his career at wests before going to the newcastle knights , and has been given a trial contract ahead of the forthcoming nrl season .
( cnn student news ) -- march 9 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iran . japan . mariana trench . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- january 11 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . massachusetts ; florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a suspected u.s . drone strike killed 12 militants in pakistan 's volatile tribal area late saturday , officials told cnn . two intelligence officials say a militant hideout was targeted by a missile in the village of issori in north waziristan , one of the seven districts of pakistan 's tribal region bordering afghanistan . officials asked to not be named because they were not allowed to talk to the media .
( cnn student news ) -- november 30 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . new zealand . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- armed militants in southwest pakistan torched two oil tankers carrying fuel for u.s . and nato forces in afghanistan , a government official told cnn . azam shahwani , a senior government official in baluchistan province , said four gunmen riding on motorcycles opened fire on a convey of five oil tankers in the area of mithri , a village in the district of bolan . shahwani said the oil tankers were heading toward afghanistan . no one was injured , but two of the oil tankers were destroyed , shahwani said . " i could see roaring flames of fire even three hours after the attack , " shahwani said . journalist nasir habib contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- gunmen attacked a nightclub in northern mexico on monday night , killing at least nine people , a police spokesman said . the unidentified gunmen entered a nightclub in the city of monterrey late monday , opening fire on the staff and clients of the men 's club matehuala , said jorge domene , a nuevo leon state security spokesman . among the dead was a man who tried to escape through the roof of the bar and fell to his death into a neighboring establishment , domene said . northern mexico is among the areas most affected by drug cartel violence as police crack down and rival gangs attack one another for control of lucrative smuggling routes .
mogadishu , somalia ( cnn)a suicide bomber rammed an explosive - laden vehicle into an army convoy sunday in the heart of mogadishu , somalia , killing four civilians and three soldiers in addition to himself , police said . the al qaeda - linked islamist militant group al - shabaab claimed responsibility through its spokesman sheikh ali dheere . the convoy was carrying u.s.-trained special forces when it was targeted near a vegetable market , capt . mahad abdi , a somali police officer , told cnn . what is al - shabaab ?
arsenal travel to manchester city on sunday hoping to avoid another heavy defeat at the etihad . arsene wenger 's side lost 6 - 3 in manchester last season but the gunners will be looking for a much improved performance as arsenal look to keep in touch with southampton and manchester united in the race for the top four . here sportsmail gives you all of the big match analysis ahead of the    showdown .
( cnn)each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our travel photo of the day . click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? submit it for the gallery at cnn ireport !
manchester city starlet devante cole , son of andy cole , has joined barnsley on loan until january . city have also confirmed that £ 3 m midfielder bruno zuculini has joined valencia on loan for the rest of the season . meanwhile juventus and roma remain keen on signing matija nastasic . on the move : manchester city striker devante cole , son of andy , has joined barnsley on loan .
( cnn ) -- the president of the united arab emirates has undergone surgery after a stroke and is in stable condition , the ministry of presidential affairs said saturday . " the ministry announces that president his highness sheikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan suffered a stroke on friday morning , 24th january , " the ministry said in a statement . " he immediately underwent a surgical operation . his health is now stable . " it gave no further details . al nahyan became president of the uae in 2004 .
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
( cnn ) -- muslim brotherhood leader mohammed badie and 36 other supporters of ousted egyptian president mohamed morsy got life sentences saturday in cairo , state media reported . the defendants are accused of inciting violence . an additional 10 defendants sentenced to death in june have had their sentences upheld by egypt 's grand mufti , who , by law , must review capital punishment decisions . this is the second sentence handed down to badie , who was found guilty and sentenced to death in april . he was convicted of taking part in a deadly attack on a police station last year . read more : egypt court upholds 183 death sentences . read more : hundreds of muslim brotherhood supporters face death .
( cnn ) -- an american airlines plane flying from costa rica to miami made an emergency landing on colombia 's san andres island thursday , the airline said . the airline said a " mechanical issue " was behind the pilot 's decision to divert the flight to the island , located on colombia 's north coast . cnn affiliate caracol tv reported that smoke was seen in the cabin . flight 1204 was carrying 172 passengers and six crew , american airlines said . the passengers disembarked while the aircraft , a boeing 757 , was evaluated . no one was injured , caracol reported . uk - to - u.s . flight makes emergency landing in ireland .
( cnn student news ) -- november 11 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . south korea . south africa . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
japan has long been the world leader in robotics research , but in recent years it 's also been leading the way when it comes to cutting - edge medical technology . a prototype " finger rehabilitation glove , " designed to aid recovery from paralysis . from robot nurses that can lift hospital patients in and out of their beds , to intelligent toilets that can dispense medical advice , japanese researchers are developing radical new approaches to health care . while many of these technologies are still at the prototype stage , it may not be long before they turn up in a hospital near you .
( cnn ) -- nine people were killed when a bus plunged over a cliff in southern mexico on monday night , officials said . another 30 people were injured , said rafael escobar , an official with the state of mexico 's health institute . the crash took place in villa del carbon . most of the passengers were pilgrims headed to the basilica of guadalupe in mexico city . escobar said the bus went over a cliff about 40 meters ( 131 feet ) high .
celtic striker john guidetti has won the scottish professional football league player of the month award for october . the on - loan manchester city striker hit two goals in three scottish premiership games last month and also netted a hat - trick in a league cup win over partick thistle . the 22-year - old swede has scored nine goals in nine games since joining the club . john guidetti ( above ) scored five goals in october to win the player of the month award .
paterson , new jersey ( cnn ) -- a new jersey judge monday ordered $ 338 million powerball jackpot winner pedro quezada to pay $ 30,000 in back child support to the mother of three of his children . the payment clears quezada 's record , probation officials said during a hearing in paterson . quezada told the judge that the children will now live with him . family court judge ernest caposela warned quezada -- who is expected to net approximately $ 152 million after taxes -- that he 'll be approached with lots of investment offers , but the best investment would be in his children .
( cnn ) -- former nfl star darren sharper has been fired by the nfl network , the channel 's vice president of communications told cnn . sharper had been suspended without pay after being accused of rape . he turned himself in to police in los angeles on thursday . sharper is wanted in new orleans in connection with the alleged rapes of two women . the orleans parish district attorney 's office in louisiana said sharper , 38 , and erik nunez , 26 , each face two counts of aggravated rape . if convicted , the two men face a possible sentence of life in prison without parole . the new orleans charges are in addition to charges sharper already faces in california .
( cnn ) -- it 's here again -- the tournament that sees africa 's finest battle for footballing glory . south africa is hosting the 29th edition of the africa cup of nations ( afcon ) , welcoming 16 teams from across the continent . holders zambia will be looking to defend last year 's fairytale triumph when they won their first - ever afcon title after beating a star - studded ivory coast team in a dramatic penalty shootout . the tournament kicks off on 19 january , with the host nation taking on debutants cape verde in johannesburg . the final takes place on february 10 . click on the country markers above to find out more about the teams taking part .
( cnn ) -- a train derailed outside of naples , italy , friday , killing one person and leaving about 40 injured , a railroad service spokesman said . a 71-year - old man died , and one passenger is in critical condition , said giustiniano carmine , a spokesman for the circumvesuviana rail service . most of the other injuries were minor , he said . investigators plan to review video images from inside the train as they try to learn what caused the wreck , he said .
( cnn student news ) -- october 7 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city & stanford . nairobi , kenya . london , england . hong kong , china . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the annual sporting jamboree is the highlight of the social calendar for rugby fans who flock to the hong kong stadium in their thousands . fancy dress and beer - fueled boisterousness are the order of the day for many of the 40,000-strong crowd as a party atmosphere descends on the city for three days at the end of march . on the pitch , 28 teams will battle it out in a total of 71 matches with defending champions fiji looking to repeat their recent success at the japan sevens .
( cnn ) -- at least 16 people were killed and 22 injured when a suicide bomber driving an explosive - laden car detonated near a car dealership in a town northeast of baghdad , police said . balad ruz is a mixed town of arab , kurd and turkmen residents , located in diyala province . violence was also reported in baghdad , where shootings and explosions were blamed for six deaths and injuries to more than 20 others , police in the capital said .
barcelona star neymar might not have been involved in his side 's match with rayo vallecano , but that did n't mean he was any less delighted when they scored . the 23-year - old brazil captain , who is currently serving a suspension for picking up too many yellow cards in la liga , took to instagram to reveal a video of him celebrating after luis suarez had given barca a 1 - 0 lead at the nou camp . neymar himself has been in superb form for his club this season , scoring 26 goals in 34 appearances so far . suspended barcelona striker neymar celebrates luis suarez scoring the opening goal for barcelona .
get ready for the grand national , the highlight of the racing year , with our must - watch preview from the paddock at aintree . sportsmail 's racing correspondent marcus townend and britain 's no 1 tipster sam turner cast their eye over the 39-strong field for the race and offer their predictions . will ap mccoy 's glittering career conclude with a fairytale victory for favourite shutthefrontdoor , a result that would cause 70,000 spectators to raise the roof and wipe out the bookies ? or will one of the other contenders take their place in history ? find out by clicking play on the video below . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
( cnn ) -- spaniard pop singer alejandro sanz has married raquel perera in a private ceremony in barcelona , spain , the couple announced wednesday . the newlyweds , who married on may 23 , then baptized their son , dylan , on saturday , the parents said in a statement . " it was a very beautiful day , unique and moving and everything went as we had dreamed , " the couple said in a statement about their wedding . sanz , 43 , who was born in madrid and raised in cadiz in the andalusia area of spain , is a singer - songwriter and guitarist known for his flamenco - inspired music . facebook founder mark zuckerberg updates relationship status to ' married '
( cnn ) -- spaniard pop singer alejandro sanz has married raquel perera in a private ceremony in barcelona , spain , the couple announced wednesday . the newlyweds , who married on may 23 , then baptized their son , dylan , on saturday , the parents said in a statement . " it was a very beautiful day , unique and moving and everything went as we had dreamed , " the couple said in a statement about their wedding . sanz , 43 , who was born in madrid and raised in cadiz in the andalusia area of spain , is a singer - songwriter and guitarist known for his flamenco - inspired music . facebook founder mark zuckerberg updates relationship status to ' married '
( cnn ) -- each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our uniquely you : design of the day entry . click through the gallery above to see creative shots from home decor enthusiasts around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have inspiring decor ideas from your own home to share ? submit them for the gallery at cnn ireport !
( cnn ) -- sir elton john and david furnish are now husband and husband . the two married sunday in britain , where same - sex marriage became legal earlier this year . they had a civil partnership ceremony in 2005 , after 12 years together . they have two children -- zachary jackson levon furnish - john and elijah joseph daniel furnish - john . the two men invited people all over the world to join them for the ceremony via elton john 's brand new instagram feed . .
new delhi , india ( cnn ) -- rescuers have recovered 90 bodies so far after landslides trapped dozens of people last week in a western indian village . at least eight people were pulled out alive after the landslides hit wednesday following heavy monsoon rains . " there are almost no chances of finding survivors now unless some miracle happens , " said suresh jadhav , a deputy district chief in maharashtra state . he said up to 65 people remain missing . the landslides were reported around midnight wednesday in malin , a village in maharashtra 's pune district , near mumbai . emergency crews are expected to clear the debris and pull out any remaining survivors or bodies , he said .
( cnn ) -- only a fraction of the oil that normally courses through the trans alaska pipeline was flowing early sunday after operators discovered a leak near prudhoe bay , a company spokeswoman said . crews making a routine inspection " found oil in the basement of a booster pump building " around 9 a.m. saturday , according to aleyeska pipeline service company spokeswoman michelle egan , who said flow has been reduced by 95 % . on a typical day , 642,261 barrels of oil would pass through the pipeline . " crews are currently onsite to assess the situation and isolate the source of the leak , " a company statement said . cnn 's tom laabs contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- facetime : barham salih , prime minister , kurdistan regional government . as the us inches closer to the full withdrawal of its troops from iraq , not everyone is celebrating . the kurds in northern iraq fell victim to saddam hussein 's brutal regime more than 20 years ago . but even without him in power , they 're apprehensive about the future . mme sits down with the prime minister of kurdistan 's regional government , barham salih , to discuss the road ahead . marketplace middle east airs weekly at the following times ( all gmt ) : . thursdays : 1645 , . fridays : 0945 , . saturdays : 0715 , . sundays : 0615 , 1645 .
berlin ( cnn ) -- a helicopter pilot died after two police helicopters crashed at berlin 's olympic stadium in germany on thursday , police said . two other people were severely injured and several others moderately or slightly injured . rotors of the two helicopters apparently hit each other as they were landing , federal police spokesman meik gauer said . the cause of the crash , which happened about 10:15 a.m. ( 5:15 a.m. et ) , is not yet known , police said .
( cnn ) -- the u.s . commission on international religious freedom cited several examples in a recent report of abuse toward christians in iraq . iraqis rush to a car bomb explosion at a christian church in kirkuk in january .
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
arsenal have sent young midfielder jack jebb on a month 's loan to stevenage . the 19-year - old has yet to play for the gunners ' senior side and will be hoping to gain experience in league two . jebb scored three goals in five games as arsenal under 18s reached the semi - finals of the fa youth cup last season . young arsenal midfielder jack jebb has joined stevenage on a one - month loan deal . the box - to - box player is an england youth international . stevenage are currently 19th in the table and also welcome shrewsbury 's david mccalister to the club .
( cnn ) -- portuguese football coach jose mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted ghanaian midfielder sulley muntari due to his low - energy levels -- which were a result of fasting . muntari is a practicing muslim who , like many of the same faith around the world , is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the ramadan holy period . the midfielder is not the only high - profile player who will be fasting , check out fanzone 's first xi of islamic stars ..
( cnn student news ) -- march 16 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . silicon valley , california . austria . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- all - star slugger manny ramirez has been arrested in southern florida on one charge stemming from a domestic dispute , officials said monday . the former boston red sox star was arrested at a residence on one charge of touch / strike battery , the broward county sheriff 's office said in a statement . ramirez , who hit 555 career home runs , announced his retirement from major league baseball in april , rather than continue with the league 's drug prevention and treatment program . he was suspended in 2009 for 50 games after violating the league 's drug policy . ramirez is 39 .
( cnn student news ) -- march 22 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . israel . cyprus . south korea ; north korea . philadelphia , pennsylvania . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- february 17 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- november 11 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . south korea . south africa . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- december 9 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq . hawaii . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)the voices of some of france 's best satirists went silent when masked gunmen stormed the office of charlie hebdo on wednesday . now , cartoonists around the world are breaking out their pens and brushes to pay tribute to the victims of the attack at the paris magazine . we 're compiling some of the best ones we ' ve come across here -- if you ' ve seen one you think we should put up , let us know in the comments . and click here to see more cartoons from our staff and readers .
santiago , chile ( cnn ) -- joran van der sloot , the suspect in a young woman 's slaying this week in peru and previously considered a suspect in the 2005 disappearance of alabama teenager natalee holloway in aruba , was captured thursday in santiago , chile , authorities said . van der sloot is the main suspect in this week 's slaying of 21-year - old stephany flores ramirez , who was found wednesday in a lima , peru , hotel room registered to the dutch man . chilean police told cnn that paperwork showed that van der sloot entered chile on wednesday . peruvian interior minister octavio salazar miranda said thursday that peru has made arrangements with interpol to extradite van der sloot .
( cnn student news ) -- may 18 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . russia & kazakhstan . new york city ; washington , d.c . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- august 24 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . haiti ; tampa , florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
tokyo ( cnn ) -- authorities have suspended their search for a missing crew member in a u.s . military helicopter that crashed in okinawa after human remains were found at the site . the helicopter crashed monday at camp hansen , a marine base on the japanese island . the three other crew members who were recovered from the wreckage of the hh-60 pave hawk are in stable condition at the u.s . naval hospital okinawa , the u.s . air force said tuesday . japanese prime minister shinzo abe called for the grounding of the u.s . helicopters , while the crash is investigated . the pave hawk is u.s . air force version of the army 's black hawk helicopter .
taipei ( cnn ) -- a 6.2-magnitude earthquake struck taiwan on sunday , killing at least one and sending panicked residents dashing to the streets . the quake rattled buildings in central taipei . its epicenter was near jenai town in nantou county . local hospital officials reported one death . measuring the magnitude of earthquakes . the quake was 20 km deep ( 12.4 miles ) , and hit 728 km ( 452 miles ) east northeast of hong kong . in march : strong taiwan quake kills 1 . in march : 5.6 earthquake strikes northeastern taiwan .
bayern munich have expressed an interest in manchester city 's aleksandar kolarov . the 28-year - old has plenty of admirers with roma and juventus particularly keen . wanted : bayern munich have expressed an interest in manchester city left - back aleksandar kolarov ( left ) kolarov is entering the final year of his contract after signing for city for £ 19 million in the summer of 2010 . the serbian established himself as manuel pellegrini 's first - choice left - back last season with 44 appearances across all competitions . composed : kolarov scored from the penalty spot in city 's 3 - 2 win over bayern munich in december 2013 .
new delhi , india ( cnn ) -- india friday announced it has banned import of chinese toys for six months . the move was announced by india 's directorate general of foreign trade of the commerce ministry . the ministry notification gave no reason for the six - month ban effective immediately . in 2007 , there were recalls in the united states of chinese - made toys over concerns of excessive amount of lead paint . also that year , china suspended export of a bead toy that was contaminated with a " date rape " drug , chinese media reported . some children who swallowed the beads vomited and lost consciousness .
( cnn student news ) -- march 23 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . france . abu dhabi . wisconsin . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- ah gay paris , the city of lights , the fashion capital of the world ( just ignore what new york hipsters have to say on the subject ) . cnn sent former model and entrepreneur charlotte collard , musician and presenter myleene klass and our very own natasha maguder - a crack team of fashionistas if ever there was one - to forage behind the scenes at this year 's pfw ... .
( cnn ) -- a bomb exploded near a passing bus in the southwestern pakistan city of quetta on friday afternoon , killing 10 people and injuring 35 others , police said . the bomb was planted on a bicycle in the city 's science college area , said muhammad jaffar , deputy inspector general of quetta police . the blast hit a passenger bus , which caught fire , he said . most of the people on the bus were either killed or injured , police said . the force of the blast broke the glass of windows of nearby shops . it was n't immediately clear whether all of the victims had been on the bus , or who was responsible for the bombing .
( cnn ) -- italian fashion designers domenico dolce and stefano gabbana lost the appeal of their jail sentence for tax convictions in italy , their lawyer said wednesday . the men were sentenced to 18 months in prison by a lower court after being found guilty of failing to pay 40 million euros in taxes owed to the italian government last year . they must also pay a 500,000 euro fine . the case will now be appealed to italy 's supreme court of cassation , attorney armando simbari told cnn . the dolce & gabbana label is a popular brand on luxury clothing and accessories . cnn 's livia borghese in rome contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- actress zsa zsa gabor was rushed by ambulance to a los angeles hospital wednesday after suffering a shutdown of blood flow to her left leg , according to her publicist . gabor 's press representative , john blanchette , told cnn that gabor has been sent to ucla medical center . blanchette said he had no further information about her condition . it is the second time , gabor , 94 , has taken an emergency trip to hospital since february 1 , when she was transported by ambulance because she was spitting blood . gabor , the previous month , had part of her right leg amputated because of an infection .
berlin ( cnn ) -- an armed man is holding several people hostage in the german city of ingolstadt , police said monday . the hostage taker did not make any immediate demands from the city 's old town hall , police spokesman guenther beck said . as police dealt with the hostage situation , german chancellor angela merkel canceled an election speech that she had planned to give in the city monday afternoon . she 'd been scheduled to appear with the prime minister of bavaria , horst seehofer . beck said that as far as he knew , the hostage situation had nothing to do with merkel 's planned visit .
( cnn student news ) -- march 23 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . france . abu dhabi . wisconsin . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
new york ( cnn ) -- talks between the national hockey league and the locked - out players ' association are expected to resume tuesday , according to a source close to the negotiations . the league had canceled regular season games through october 24 after unsuccessful negotiations over a collective bargaining agreement . the last time the nhl canceled preseason games was in 2004 , which preceded a year - long lockout of the players by the owners . the regular season had been scheduled to begin thursday .
( cnn student news ) -- april 27 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . liberia & sierra leone . netherlands . california . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- spaniard pop singer alejandro sanz has married raquel perera in a private ceremony in barcelona , spain , the couple announced wednesday . the newlyweds , who married on may 23 , then baptized their son , dylan , on saturday , the parents said in a statement . " it was a very beautiful day , unique and moving and everything went as we had dreamed , " the couple said in a statement about their wedding . sanz , 43 , who was born in madrid and raised in cadiz in the andalusia area of spain , is a singer - songwriter and guitarist known for his flamenco - inspired music . facebook founder mark zuckerberg updates relationship status to ' married '
london ( cnn ) -- former british prime minister margaret thatcher , who died monday at the age of 87 , helped to shape the course of 20th century history -- but not everyone believes the iron lady changed things for the better . people around the globe took to twitter following the announcement of thatcher 's death to offer tributes , and debate her legacy for britain and for the world . .
( cnn ) -- portuguese football coach jose mourinho caused outcry this week when he substituted ghanaian midfielder sulley muntari due to his low - energy levels -- which were a result of fasting . muntari is a practicing muslim who , like many of the same faith around the world , is currently not eating during the hours of daylight to mark the ramadan holy period . the midfielder is not the only high - profile player who will be fasting , check out fanzone 's first xi of islamic stars ..
( cnn student news ) -- october 21 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . libya . new york city & los angeles . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
curt warburton admits he still has regrets over his split - decision defeat to stevie ray in june . the former ufc fighter lost his rematch with the scotsman and missed out on the chance to win the cage warriors lightweight title . but , as he explains , the county durham man is confident he can settle the score once and for all . curt warburton ( left ) is ready to beat stevie ray ( right ) and settle their long - running rivalry .
( cnn student news ) -- march 15 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china . vatican city . mississippi ; new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
grappling with drought conditions , california officials on tuesday approved statewide emergency water restrictions . the restrictions are the first of their kind statewide , california water board spokesman george kostyrko said , and will affect lawn watering , car washing , hosing down driveways and ornamental fountains . infractions could bring a fine of $ 500 per day . gov . jerry brown declared a drought emergency for california in january . state officials say last year was one of california 's driest years ever . drought - ravaged california turns to tech for help . how oceans can solve our freshwater crisis .
( cnn ) -- actress salma hayek has been named a knight of the legion of honour in france , according to an official government publication . hayek , 45 , is a mexican - born actress and producer . the notice in the official journal of the french government does not elaborate on why she is being honored , but cites her as an " active member of charities , 23 years of services . " the legion is france 's highest national decoration and " rewards the outstanding merits of citizens in all walks of life , regardless of social , economic or hereditary backgrounds , " according to the website of the grand chancellery of the legion of honour .
( cnn ) -- london , the birthplace of mod style , saville row and punk , has long since earned its reputation as the world 's most exciting and experimental fashion capital . two of our journalists set out to find the most quirky , compelling and quizzical pieces from the spring / summer 2015 collections , as documented through the wonderful world of social media . .
( cnn student news ) -- september 14 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . egypt ; libya ; democratic republic of congo . yemen . new york city ; chicago , illinois . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities said friday that they have not arrested the son of drug lord joaquin " el chapo " guzman , contrary to what they had said a day earlier . the nation 's navy announced thursday that it had arrested alfredo guzman salazar in western mexico . a day later , after doing more identification tests , it said it had not arrested guzman 's son . el chapo , who oversees the powerful sinaloa drug cartel , is considered the most wanted man in mexico . in 2009 , guzman salazar was indicted in illinois , together with his father , on various drug trafficking charges . . cnn 's kevin gallagher contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- it 's here again -- the tournament that sees africa 's finest battle for footballing glory . south africa is hosting the 29th edition of the africa cup of nations ( afcon ) , welcoming 16 teams from across the continent . holders zambia will be looking to defend last year 's fairytale triumph when they won their first - ever afcon title after beating a star - studded ivory coast team in a dramatic penalty shootout . the tournament kicks off on 19 january , with the host nation taking on debutants cape verde in johannesburg . the final takes place on february 10 . click on the country markers above to find out more about the teams taking part .
( cnn ) -- at least five people were reported killed and 30 injured monday evening when a freak dust storm rolled through iran 's capital , tehran . the storm brought winds that nearly reached 120 kilometers per hour , or some 75 mph , according to iran 's press tv . it reported the storm plunged the city into darkness , and photographs from tehran showed giant clouds of sand and dust clogging the air . some flights were delayed at tehran 's mehrabad international airport , but operations returned to normal when the storm passed , press tv said . it was not immediately clear how the victims were killed or injured .
cnn 's going green : oceans will take you above and below the water for a unique perspective on how coral reefs impact the world 's oceans and you . join cnn special correspondent philippe cousteau as he explores australia 's great barrier reef with scientists from the catlin seaview survey as they map the extraordinary eco - system with pioneering photographic equipment . watch the 30-minute going green : oceans special on friday march 29 at 15:30 gmt ( 11:30 et ) . join cousteau online immediately after the show at 16:00 gmt for a live one - hour twitter chat about ocean health and how you can help promote and preserve biodiversity beneath the waves . send your questions to philippe using # cousteaucnn .
( cnn student news ) -- february 15 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . mobile , alabama ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)you may want to plan a bbc binge - watching party . according to what 's on netflix now , the streaming service may be losing favorites like " doctor who " and " luther " come january 31 because of an expiring contract between the streaming service and bbc . that would mean missing shows like " little britain " and the original " house of cards . " of course , the " doctor who " fans have already launched a petition to " save the show " on netflix . we ' ve got our fingers crossed that the pair can work things out . if not , there 's always amazon prime .
( cnn ) -- argentine soccer legend diego maradona was taken to an area hospital after his vehicle and a bus collided , but he is fine , the state - run telam news agency reported monday . maradona was traveling with his girlfriend in ezeiza , on the outskirts of buenos aires , when the accident happened , telam said . both were transported to a local hospital for observation , the news agency reported . sources close to maradona told telam neither maradona nor his girlfriend suffered serious injuries . maradona is a former argentine player and coach , revered by many as one of game 's greatest players .
( billboard)one of the funnest parts of any award show is what happens over on the social streams . many memes popped up during the 57th grammy awards on sunday . below are some of the best memes from the 2015 grammys , including rihanna and iggy azalea : .
( cnn ) -- the farnborough airshow attracts exhibitors and visitors from all around the world and is at the heart of developments in the aviation industry . its runways in hampshire , england have witnessed many aerospace engineering milestones - including the showcase of the first jet airliner , debut of concorde and the unveiling of the typhoon combat aircraft . initially held every year , farnborough has been organized biennially since the 1960s , alternating with paris in hosting the airshow .
( cnn ) -- the wife of singapore 's first prime minister died at her home saturday at the age of 89 . a private funeral for kwa geok choo will take place next wednesday , the prime minister 's office said in a statement . she was married to lee kuan yew , who is widely credited with molding singapore into one of the world 's most prosperous countries . lee , 87 , was the founding father of the island nation . his son , lee hsien loong , is now singapore 's prime minister -- the country 's third since it gained independence from malaysia in 1965 . the elder lee was admitted to the singapore general hospital earlier this week for a chest infection .
( cnn ) -- by now you ' ve heard the news about the meteor that caused an enormous explosion in russia . officials say up to 1,000 people were hurt . most suffered minor injuries . once it was clear russia was not under attack , the internet relaxed and slyly glanced around . is your normally healthy reservoir of space jokes suffering a drought ? not to fear . if there 's one thing twitter excels at , it 's humor in the face of calamity . here are 11 funny tweets about the meteor we wish we 'd thought of . mobile users click here to see the storify . .
( cnn student news ) -- august 24 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . haiti ; tampa , florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
( cnn ) -- it 's here again -- the tournament that sees africa 's finest battle for footballing glory . south africa is hosting the 29th edition of the africa cup of nations ( afcon ) , welcoming 16 teams from across the continent . holders zambia will be looking to defend last year 's fairytale triumph when they won their first - ever afcon title after beating a star - studded ivory coast team in a dramatic penalty shootout . the tournament kicks off on 19 january , with the host nation taking on debutants cape verde in johannesburg . the final takes place on february 10 . click on the country markers above to find out more about the teams taking part .
( cnn ) -- dancers have put on a dazzling display atop extravagant floats at the legendary annual rio carnival . thousands of revelers cheered as dancers shimmied and shook their colorful costumes through the streets of the brazilian city . seven - year - old julia lira took her place as the drum corps queen for the viradouro school of samba despite criticism that she was too young to fill a role normally reserved for voluptuous adult dancers .
( cnn student news ) -- october 19 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
former tottenham and manchester city defender vedran corluka has emerged as a target for sunderland . the 28-year - old is playing for lokomotiv moscow but the russian club will sell for around £ 4.8million . gus poyet also has an interest in stoke defender geoff cameron but has been rebuffed in an enquiry for atletico madrid 's toby alderweireld . wanted man : sunderland have shown an interest in croatia international vedran corluka . possible return : corluka spent five years in england with manchester city ( right ) and tottenham .
( cnn student news ) -- may 18 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . russia & kazakhstan . new york city ; washington , d.c . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- september 23 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . georgia . corrales , new mexico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- february 15 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . mobile , alabama ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- january 13 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . mississippi . haiti . new zealand & papua new guinea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- federal agents seized 2,880 rounds of ammunition found inside an suv that was being driven from brownsville , texas , to mexico , u.s . customs and border protection said . a 19-year - old mexican was attempting to drive the 2003 chevrolet trailblazer across the bridge that links brownsville with matamoros , tamaulipas state , when he was stopped for a secondary inspection , the release said . the ammunition , which included 13 armor - piercing rounds and five assault - rifle magazines , was hidden inside 18 plastic bags found inside the suv , the release said .
( cnn ) -- a 7.1-magnitude earthquake rattled the solomon islands on friday , the u.s . geological survey reported . there were no immediate reports of a tsunami . the quake comes two days after an 8.0-magnitude earthquake struck the same region , triggering a tsunami that killed five people but did n't threaten the wider region . four elderly people and one child died after a roughly 1-meter ( 3-foot ) wave hit the santa cruz islands , an eastern region of the solomon islands , said augustine bilve , a director at a hospital in lata , the main town in the area . measuring the magnitude of earthquakes .
( cnn ) -- two people were killed and around 100 were injured when a magnitude 5.4 earthquake struck central serbia overnight , the ministry of internal affairs said wednesday . the earthquake happened at 1:56 a.m. ( just before 9 p.m. et ) . the epicenter was near the city of kraljevo , about 80 miles south of the capital , belgrade . serbia 's interior minister visited kraljevo wednesday to inspect the damage . many buildings were damaged , including the hospital in kraljevo , but no patients were hurt , the ministry said , adding parts of the city were without electricity or water .
congressman jared polis . ( d ) colorado : district 02 . congressman jason chaffetz . ( r ) utah : district 03 .
jose mourinho dubbed paris saint - germain the ' most aggressive ' team chelsea has played this season , including a cup encounter with shrewsbury town from league two . mourinho claimed the most surprising aspect of the first leg in the parc des princes which ended 1 - 1 was that the french champions had not tried to play more football . so after the return leg at stamford bridge , which team won the battle of the bridge ?
berlin ( cnn ) -- an armed man is holding several people hostage in the german city of ingolstadt , police said monday . the hostage taker did not make any immediate demands from the city 's old town hall , police spokesman guenther beck said . as police dealt with the hostage situation , german chancellor angela merkel canceled an election speech that she had planned to give in the city monday afternoon . she 'd been scheduled to appear with the prime minister of bavaria , horst seehofer . beck said that as far as he knew , the hostage situation had nothing to do with merkel 's planned visit .
( cnn ) -- in the rich man 's world of diversified asset portfolios and international investment opportunities , luxury property in the right market equals hot property . but where do speculating millionaires and billionaires get the most bang for their buck ? is it in the suave sophistication of new york city , the ornate splendor of london 's townhouses or the ultramodern apartments of central shanghai ? we ' ve compiled the following list using data gleaned from the knight frank wealth report 2013 to show the most valuable locations for luxury properties .
tony pulis has rejected an offer to take charge of saudi arabian side al ittihad . the 56-year - old has been out of work since quitting crystal palace just two days before the start of the season . pulis is keen to make a return to the premier league instead but he has received no contact from qpr as speculation about harry redknapp 's future continues . tony pulis has rejected the chance to return to management with    saudi arabian side al ittihad . pulis has been out of work since a disagreement with crystal palace chief steve parish in the summer .
( cnn ) -- at least 30 al - shabaab militants in somalia were killed in a joint raid by kenyan and somali forces saturday , officials said . the operation targeted an al - shabaab hideout in kolbio , somalia , col . cyrus oguna of the kenyan defense force said . the al qaeda - linked islamist group has been connected to the attack in nairobi 's westgate mall last month where 67 people were killed . saturday 's raid follows another operation earlier in the week , where kenyan warplanes targeted a militant training camp inside somalia . kenyan officials say the terror group has used camps to train operatives , including attackers who targeted westgate mall .
( cnn ) -- the u.s . embassy in stockholm , sweden , was briefly evacuated wednesday after an alarm was raised over a suspicious envelope containing white powder , stockholm police said . stockholm police are moving the envelope to a secure location in order to examine it , police spokesman albin navery said . " the embassy has been evacuated and we are working with swedish authorities to investigate the incident , " a u.s . state department official told cnn . all employees are accounted for , the official said . the all - clear has now been given and staffers have begun to return to the building , cnn affiliate tv4 said . cnn 's saskya vandoorne and jamie crawford contributed to this report .
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
( cnn)the national flag of the united states of america can be found hanging off homes across the country , flapping atop mount everest and sitting on the moon 's surface . here are some of the most unique places ireporters have spotted america 's stars and stripes . have you seen the american flag in an unexpected place ? share your photos with cnn ireport for a chance to be featured .
producer 's note : to put it bluntly , there are not enough proper toilets in the world to keep up with spiraling population growth . here , we met up with some bright minds on the campus of caltech to see their " toilet of the future . "
( cnn ) -- with the european leg of the alpine skiing world cup in full swing , cnn 's alpine edge takes you inside five of the continent 's most high - profile locations . as the planet 's top skiers hurtle down the slopes , alpine edge will tell the stories behind the sport iconic resorts from france 's val d'isere to 2013 world championship venue schladming in austria . click the skier icons on the map to find out more about the prestigious venues cnn will cover between now and march 's season - ender in lenzerheide , switzerland .
( cnn ) -- the recent incident involving chelsea and england captain john terry and queens park rangers ' anton ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . the decision by london 's metropolitan police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the october 23 match follows allegations made by manchester united 's patrice evra of racial abuse from liverpool striker luis suarez during an english premier league clash . these two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .
( cnn ) -- traffic on interstate 15 in southern california was backed up for miles early tuesday after a new overpass in the city of hesperia caught fire , a fire official said . the major artery between los angeles and las vegas is expected to be closed for up to 48 hours while crews put out the fire and demolish the damaged structure , according to eric sherwin with the san bernadino county fire department . the bridge caught fire monday when sparks from blowtorches used to cut reinforcing bar ignited the wooden framework supporting the structure . hesperia is about 60 miles northeast of los angeles . college tour in california ends in fiery wreck , leaves 10 dead .
( cnn)paolo ballesteros looks so much like kim kardashian . and her little sister kylie jenner . and dakota johnson . and jennifer lopez . the actor and makeup artist from the philippines is gaining fans thanks to his instagram account , which features pictures of him transformed to look like various female celebrities . the 32-year - old , who hosts the filipino show " eat bulaga , " says he does it using just his skill with makeup and wigs . ballesteros told the huffington post that he stumbled upon his ability after watching tutorials on youtube . soon he was able to transform himself to look like everyone from cate blanchett to first lady michelle obama .
( cnn student news ) -- march 9 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iran . japan . mariana trench . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a gas main explosion in philadelphia tuesday evening killed one utilities worker and injured five other people , a fire department official said . philadelphia gas works employees were responding to a gas main break in the city 's tacony neighborhood when the explosion occurred , fire department spokesman jim smith said . " they were trying to control it and found a source of ignition , " according to smith , who said four pgw employees and a firefighter were among the injured . he said some of the gas workers ' injuries were serious . cnn 's jason kessler contributed to this story .
kabul ( cnn ) -- a truck and a minibus collided in afghanistan on friday , killing 17 people , a provincial government spokesman said . nine more were injured in the crash in nangarhar province , according to ahmadzia abdulzai . elsewhere in the country , two roadside bombs killed at least five people friday , a police spokesman said . four police officers died when their patrol hit a roadside bomb in kandahar province , said the spokesman , zia duranai . in the same province , a district governor was killed after running over a roadside bomb on his motorbike , he said .
( cnn ) -- a suicide blast in northwestern pakistan friday killed a 12-year - old boy and wounded five others , police said . the attack took place at a weapons market in dara adam khel , according to masood khan afridi , the police chief of kohat district . the suicide bomber blew himself up after people thought his actions were suspicious and tried to apprehend him , afridi said . dara adam khel is about 55 km ( 34 miles ) southwest of peshawar , the capital of khyber pakhtunkhwa province , where the attack took place .
( cnn ) -- a strong earthquake struck off the south coast of japan on sunday night local time , " jolting tokyo and wide areas of eastern japan , " the country 's kyodo news agency reported . the 7.1 earthquake hit 200 miles ( 320 kilometers ) south - southwest of tokyo at 7:55 p.m. ( 6:55 a.m. et ) , the united states geological survey reported . its epicenter was 188 miles ( 303 kilometers ) deep , the usgs said . the japan meteorological agency reported its magnitude as 6.9 , kyodo said . there were no immediate reports of damage , and the pacific tsunami warning center did not issue a tsunami warning .
producer 's note : when daniel furbish started a bike workshop at a community center in nashville , he did n't know that much about building or fixing bikes . he did , however , know what an important tool a bike can be for a kid with little or no other means of transportation . we met him to see how this little experiment turned into a full - time program that has helped hundreds .
( cnn student news ) -- april 12 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . london . wilcox county , georgia ; oregon . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the 2011 rugby world cup is nearly upon us , with millions of fans worldwide eager for the tournament in new zealand to get under way . but while rugby union is hugely popular in the british isles , parts of continental europe and areas of the southern hemisphere , it remains a mystery to many global sports fans . so if you do n't know a try from a conversion , a lineout out from a scrum , or a ruck from a maul , check out our bluffer 's guide and enjoy the six - week long festival of rugby in the comfort of your new knowledge .
london ( cnn ) -- former british prime minister margaret thatcher , who died monday at the age of 87 , helped to shape the course of 20th century history -- but not everyone believes the iron lady changed things for the better . people around the globe took to twitter following the announcement of thatcher 's death to offer tributes , and debate her legacy for britain and for the world . .
( cnn ) -- the australian navy has destroyed nearly 353 kilograms ( 780 pounds ) of heroin after intercepting the drugs on a smuggling vessel off the coast of tanzania , the australian department of defense said friday . authorities estimate the street value at 706 million australian dollars ( $ 630 million u.s . ) . a team from the aircraft carrier hmas melbourne boarded the smuggler ship wednesday during a sweep , according to a prepared statement . it tested the substance on board , determined it to be heroin , then confiscated it . members then extracted samples and destroyed the rest .
( cnn ) -- the mediterranean city of nice , france , draws celebrities and tourists from all over the world -- for good reason . check out ireporters ' snapshots above to see why and get some ideas for your trip . related story : live it up on the french riviera .
authorities arrested " scandal " actor columbus short wednesday on a felony battery charge , prosecutors said . short , 31 , is accused of punching and knocking out a patron at a west los angeles restaurant on march 15 , the los angeles county district attorney 's office said in a statement . he was booked by the claremont police department and released on $ 50,000 bail , the statement said . a representative for the actor could not be immediately reached for comment . short plays harrison wright , a member of fixer olivia pope 's team , on the hit abc series .
( cnn ) -- an american airlines plane flying from costa rica to miami made an emergency landing on colombia 's san andres island thursday , the airline said . the airline said a " mechanical issue " was behind the pilot 's decision to divert the flight to the island , located on colombia 's north coast . cnn affiliate caracol tv reported that smoke was seen in the cabin . flight 1204 was carrying 172 passengers and six crew , american airlines said . the passengers disembarked while the aircraft , a boeing 757 , was evaluated . no one was injured , caracol reported . uk - to - u.s . flight makes emergency landing in ireland .
arsenal have sent young midfielder jack jebb on a month 's loan to stevenage . the 19-year - old has yet to play for the gunners ' senior side and will be hoping to gain experience in league two . jebb scored three goals in five games as arsenal under 18s reached the semi - finals of the fa youth cup last season . young arsenal midfielder jack jebb has joined stevenage on a one - month loan deal . the box - to - box player is an england youth international . stevenage are currently 19th in the table and also welcome shrewsbury 's david mccalister to the club .
a suspected serial bank robber wanted in incidents in three east coast states has been arrested in medford , new york , the fbi said tuesday . agents and new york police arrested luis alomar , 37 , around 2:30 a.m. tuesday , the agency said in a statement . it did n't provide details of where he was arrested in the long island community or how he was located . the fbi had sought the public 's help monday in finding alomar , who is suspected of robbing 20 banks in new york , new jersey and delaware . alomar allegedly flashed a gun at tellers in some of the robberies , sometimes threatening to shoot them if they said anything , the fbi said .
by . robin cottle for mailonline . superstar rapper nas revealed his true colours as he proudly posed with an everton shirt . ahead of the toffees premier league clash with arsenal this evening , the club 's official twitter account tweeted a picture of the 40-year - old hitmaker with the jersey . everton said : ' hi @nas . are you watching @timhowardgk and our boys today ? # efcvafc . ' go toffees : rapper nas poses with an everton shirt . the toffees play arsenal this evening . nas , whose hits include i can and made you look , can watch us compatriot tim howard try to keep out the likes of alexis sanchez and aaron ramsey .
fifty - two people are missing after a south korean fishing boat sank in the bering sea , the south korean government said . the vessel sank monday with 60 crew members on board . eight people were rescued , but one of them later died , said kim hong - won , an official at the south korean ministry of oceans and fisheries . the cause of the sinking , in the frigid waters that lie between far - eastern russia and alaska , was n't clear . the crew consisted of 35 indonesians , 13 filipinos , 11 south koreans and one russian , kim said .
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities said friday that they have not arrested the son of drug lord joaquin " el chapo " guzman , contrary to what they had said a day earlier . the nation 's navy announced thursday that it had arrested alfredo guzman salazar in western mexico . a day later , after doing more identification tests , it said it had not arrested guzman 's son . el chapo , who oversees the powerful sinaloa drug cartel , is considered the most wanted man in mexico . in 2009 , guzman salazar was indicted in illinois , together with his father , on various drug trafficking charges . . cnn 's kevin gallagher contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- may 4 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . philippines . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- october 5 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria ; turkey . denver , colorado ; toronto , canada . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a riot at a sri lankan prison left 27 dead and 43 injured , officials said . clashes broke out in the high - security prison in northern colombo after special task force members began to check the prison for drugs , police said . authorities used tear gas to try to quell the clashes , but prisoners were able to break through a wall and enter a prison armory . authorities also deployed armored vehicles to help bring the situation under control , said gajadeera . the riot will be investigated , said prison reforms minister chandrasiri gajadeera .
( cnn ) -- a week before her death , south african model reeva steenkamp talked about her secure , blissful environment . " i woke up in a happy , safe home this morning , " she tweeted . " not everyone did . " four days after she posted that message , neither did she . the 29-year - old model was shot dead by her boyfriend at his house in pretoria . she died on valentine 's day last year . read more : who is " blade runner " oscar pistorius ?
( cnn ) -- it may have started as a tv debate about the israel - hamas conflict , but it 's now turned into a seemingly endless online war of words between russell brand and fox news anchor sean hannity . the british comedian , actor and occasional political commentator branded hannity a " terrorist " last week after the conservative u.s . pundit berated a palestinian guest on his show during a heated debate over israel 's ongoing war with hamas militants in gaza -- a conflict that has claimed the lives of hundreds of palestinians and dozens of israelis in the past month . .
sanaa , yemen ( cnn ) -- a small military cargo plane crashed in the yemeni capital on wednesday , killing all 10 passengers , the country 's defense ministry said . the plane caught fire shortly after taking off from sanaa international airport , airport officials said . the crew tried to head back to the airport , but the plane crashed near a public market in the hasaba area of sanaa . the defense ministry said passengers were on a pilot training mission , with the head pilot instructing trainees from the government 's armed forces . the cause of the fire -- and subsequent crash -- is under investigation , sanaa government official abdul qader hilal said .
former west ham defender jordan spence has joined mk dons on a one - year - deal following his release this summer . the 24-year - old spent last season on loan with the league 1 club and made 31 appearances for karl robinson 's side . spence left upton park on a free transfer having joined the hammers as a youth back in 2004 . done deal : jordan spence ( right ) has joined mk dons following his release from west ham this summer .
johannesburg ( cnn ) -- on the eve of oscar pistorius ' sentencing , some of his biggest supporters -- his siblings -- told cnn that the lives of everyone close to the trial have already been changed forever , no matter the outcome . pistorius , 27 , is due to be sentenced tuesday for culpable homicide and one weapons - related charge in connection with his fatal shooting of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .
( cnn ) -- the frail , humble man wrapped in a loincloth wearing round - rimmed spectacles is a symbol of india 's independence from british rule that happened today , 66 years ago . the late mohandas gandhi ( 1869 - 1948 ) is affectionately known as mahatma ( sanskrit for " great soul " ) and the father of the nation -- the instigator of peaceful , nonviolent protest that influenced social and political change . today , who carries the torch and continues this future superpower 's fight for a land that 's fair and free ? cnn has compiled the following list of a handful of india 's modern day activists on twitter , in no particular order : . .
swansea and west ham are considering hoffenheim striker anthony modeste , who wants a return to the premier league . the 26-year - old had a brief , unproductive loan spell with blackburn rovers in 2012 when the club were on the point of relegation . but he moved to bastia then hoffenheim and has averaged a goal every two games . hoffenheim will sell for £ 5million this month . hull and crystal palace are also interested . anthony modeste has averaged a goal every two games at bastia and hoffenheim . the frenchman wants a return to the premier league and is available for around £ 5million . modeste in action for blackburn rovers during an ill - fated spell in england back in 2012 .
( cnn student news ) -- february 8 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . montgomery , alabama ; selma , alabama ; little rock , arkansas ; washington , d.c . china . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)five drones were reportedly seen flying over sensitive and well - known areas of paris overnight -- sightings that authorities are investigating , the city prosecutor 's office said tuesday . the unmanned aerial vehicles were spotted over the eiffel tower , the bastille , place de la concorde , les invalides and the u.s . embassy , according to agnes thibault - lecuivre , a spokeswoman for the paris prosecutor 's office . the drones were seen between midnight and 6 a.m. the french aviation police are searching for the operators of the drones .
( billboard)one of the funnest parts of any award show is what happens over on the social streams . many memes popped up during the 57th grammy awards on sunday . below are some of the best memes from the 2015 grammys , including rihanna and iggy azalea : .
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities said friday that they have not arrested the son of drug lord joaquin " el chapo " guzman , contrary to what they had said a day earlier . the nation 's navy announced thursday that it had arrested alfredo guzman salazar in western mexico . a day later , after doing more identification tests , it said it had not arrested guzman 's son . el chapo , who oversees the powerful sinaloa drug cartel , is considered the most wanted man in mexico . in 2009 , guzman salazar was indicted in illinois , together with his father , on various drug trafficking charges . . cnn 's kevin gallagher contributed to this report .
berlin ( cnn ) -- an armed man is holding several people hostage in the german city of ingolstadt , police said monday . the hostage taker did not make any immediate demands from the city 's old town hall , police spokesman guenther beck said . as police dealt with the hostage situation , german chancellor angela merkel canceled an election speech that she had planned to give in the city monday afternoon . she 'd been scheduled to appear with the prime minister of bavaria , horst seehofer . beck said that as far as he knew , the hostage situation had nothing to do with merkel 's planned visit .
( cnn student news ) -- november 11 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . south korea . south africa . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- dubai is adept at attracting investment and this month it has laid claim to the world 's richest ever golf tournament . tiger woods competes in the presidents cup at the royal montreal golf club on sept . 30 , 2007 . the dubai world championship will be contested in 2009 with a total prize pot worth $ 10 million . it will be played at at jumeirah golf estates , a residental golfing community currently under construction . the u.s . tour 's players championship is currently the world 's richest single golf competition , offering prize money of $ 9 million . e - mail to a friend .
united nations ( cnn ) -- the u.n . general assembly voted tuesday in favor of a resolution calling for an end to the economic , commercial and financial embargo imposed by the united states against cuba . there were 186 member states in favor of the resolution , two against , and three abstentions . the vote is non - binding . it was the 20th consecutive year that the united nations has voted to condemn the u.s . embargo , which was put in place in 1960 . the two opposing votes came from the united states and israel .
( cnn student news ) -- october 21 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . libya . new york city & los angeles . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits libya in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 19 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
( cnn student news ) -- december 21 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- it may have started as a tv debate about the israel - hamas conflict , but it 's now turned into a seemingly endless online war of words between russell brand and fox news anchor sean hannity . the british comedian , actor and occasional political commentator branded hannity a " terrorist " last week after the conservative u.s . pundit berated a palestinian guest on his show during a heated debate over israel 's ongoing war with hamas militants in gaza -- a conflict that has claimed the lives of hundreds of palestinians and dozens of israelis in the past month . .
( cnn student news ) -- january 25 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . north korea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( people.com ) -- k.d . lang and her girlfriend are calling it quits . lang , 50 , filed legal documents to end her domestic partnership with jamie price , who 's been her partner for nearly nine years . lang filed for dissolution of domestic partnership , citing irreconcilable differences , according to the papers filed on december 28 and obtained by people . a rep for lang did not respond to request for comment . the couple met through their mutual buddhist teacher , according to new york magazine . news of the longtime musician 's filing was first reported by tmz . see the full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
( people.com ) -- reports that producers of nbc 's " the voice " plan to fire coach christina aguilera are baseless , says the network . " there is absolutely no truth to the rumor , " paul telegdy , nbc executive vice president , alternative programming , said in an official statement . aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition , which is set to premiere next february 5 in a key scheduling slot following the super bowl . cee lo green , adam levine and blake shelton will continue to work alongside aguilera in the coaching chairs . see full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- in this week 's episode of justin bieber 's brush with the law , the pop singer has been accused of attempted robbery , police said . it sounds worse than it may be : the alleged incident is apparently over a cell phone . los angeles police department robbery detectives were investigating a report of an alleged robbery monday night " between an individual and mr . bieber near the batting cages " on los angeles ' west side , a police statement said wednesday . " the case remains under investigation with detectives conducting numerous interviews , " police said . a source close who 's close to bieber and is familiar with the situation played down the incident .
grappling with drought conditions , california officials on tuesday approved statewide emergency water restrictions . the restrictions are the first of their kind statewide , california water board spokesman george kostyrko said , and will affect lawn watering , car washing , hosing down driveways and ornamental fountains . infractions could bring a fine of $ 500 per day . gov . jerry brown declared a drought emergency for california in january . state officials say last year was one of california 's driest years ever . drought - ravaged california turns to tech for help . how oceans can solve our freshwater crisis .
fernando alonso will fly to malaysia for the grand prix on march 29 after having tests to establish whether he has recovered from concussion . the mclaren driver missed the season 's first race in australia after a crash in pre - season testing . his adviser luis garcia abad refused to confirm reports in spain that alonso had got the all - clear after the tests . ' it is private so i can not confirm or deny it , but i have no doubts he will go to malaysia as planned , ' he said . fernando alonso will fly to malaysia for the second race of the season after undergoing tests .
( cnn ) -- a communist party official in central china 's henan province was in police custody after authorities said he confessed to raping more than 10 girls , state - run media said sunday . li xingong confessed to the crimes during police questioning and will face " swift and severe punishment , " according to the xinhua news agency . li was the party 's deputy director in yongcheng city , xinhua said . the report did not offer additional details , such as the victims ' ages or where the alleged crimes took place .
sportsmail columnist martin keown answered your questions on thursday ahead of the weekend 's premier league action . top of the agenda this week was manchester united 's defence . keown believes that none of the current back four would make any of sir alex ferguson 's squads . also discussed this week is the north london derby and the centre backs who could make a move to the top sides in the    premier league in january . find out keown 's thoughts on all that , plus the other big clash of the weekend , liverpool v everton on saturday . email your questions to martin    here or send your tweets to @mailsport using # tacklekeown in time for next week 's questions .
( cnn ) -- a dutch court friday ruled against letting a 14-year - old girl sail solo around the world , saying she is not experienced enough to make the trip on her own . laura dekker would be allowed to travel from july 1 of next year if she fulfills certain requirements the court established for her to sail . in august , dutch authorities placed dekker under state care for two months , following her parents ' refusal to prevent her from undertaking the potentially dangerous voyage . dekker is seeking to become the youngest person to sail solo around the world . the current record holder is 17-year - old british teenager mike perham who completed his nine - month voyage in august .
( cnn ) -- a small plane landed on a new jersey highway on monday , fire officials said . the two - seater craft was heading toward an airport in teterboro , new jersey , but instead touched down on interstate 80 in hackensack , new jersey , after the pilot reported a loss of fuel pressure , said the city 's fire chief , thomas freeman . there were no reports of injuries . authorities closed one highway lane as emergency vehicles towed the plane alongside the beginnings of rush - hour traffic .
( billboard)one of the funnest parts of any award show is what happens over on the social streams . many memes popped up during the 57th grammy awards on sunday . below are some of the best memes from the 2015 grammys , including rihanna and iggy azalea : .
( cnn )     -- officials have uncovered a common grave in paraguay that contained at least two bodies of victims believed tortured and killed under former strongman alfredo stroessner , authorities said . human remains are discovered thursday in an asuncion , paraguay , neighborhood . speaking at the grave site thursday , president fernando lugo called it the remnants of a " painful period " in paraguay 's history . stroessner held power from 1954 - 89 and was known as a brutal dictator whose regime tortured and killed hundreds of government opponents . the bodies were found in tacumbu , a neighborhood in paraguay 's capital city , asuncion .
( cnn ) -- united express flight 5573 from san francisco to san antonio was diverted to phoenix sky harbor international airport thursday afternoon when a crew member discovered an undisclosed security threat , according to phoenix police . the nature of the apparent threat was not known , and after an investigation and a security check were completed , nothing suspicious was found , phoenix police sgt . steve martos told cnn affiliate kpho . the plane had been diverted thursday afternoon , and sky harbor officials said passengers were removed from the airplane and rescreened . the airport was not evacuated . the small commuter plane carried 47 passengers .
( cnn ) -- it 's time to layer up , again . parts of the united states , including coastal areas of the deep south , are going to see freezing temperatures and even a chance of snow this week . as the white stuff covers the landscape , it 's hard to imagine the millions of tiny , intricate flakes that make it up . above is a collection of extreme close - up snowflake photos from this winter season . add your own snowflake photos by uploading them to ireport . we 'll add some of the best to the gallery .
london ( cnn ) -- singer justin bieber kept thousands of fans and their tired , outraged parents up way past their bedtime monday after arriving on stage nearly two hours late for a sold out show at london 's o2 arena . bieber was greeted by choruses of boos from the sell - out crowd amid scenes of tearful devastation as scores of sobbing school - aged " beliebers " were hauled away minutes into the singer 's set by parents desperate to catch last trains home on a school night . .
( cnn)paolo ballesteros looks so much like kim kardashian . and her little sister kylie jenner . and dakota johnson . and jennifer lopez . the actor and makeup artist from the philippines is gaining fans thanks to his instagram account , which features pictures of him transformed to look like various female celebrities . the 32-year - old , who hosts the filipino show " eat bulaga , " says he does it using just his skill with makeup and wigs . ballesteros told the huffington post that he stumbled upon his ability after watching tutorials on youtube . soon he was able to transform himself to look like everyone from cate blanchett to first lady michelle obama .
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
it 's animals . in the snow . need we say more ? from cats to cows , puppies to camels , check out animals enjoying the winter weather . have your own snowy pet photos to share ? submit at cnn ireport , and they could be added to the gallery .
( cnn student news ) -- august 24 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . haiti ; tampa , florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- october 7 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city & stanford . nairobi , kenya . london , england . hong kong , china . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- by now you ' ve heard the news about the meteor that caused an enormous explosion in russia . officials say up to 1,000 people were hurt . most suffered minor injuries . once it was clear russia was not under attack , the internet relaxed and slyly glanced around . is your normally healthy reservoir of space jokes suffering a drought ? not to fear . if there 's one thing twitter excels at , it 's humor in the face of calamity . here are 11 funny tweets about the meteor we wish we 'd thought of . mobile users click here to see the storify . .
( cnn ) -- london , the birthplace of mod style , saville row and punk , has long since earned its reputation as the world 's most exciting and experimental fashion capital . two of our journalists set out to find the most quirky , compelling and quizzical pieces from the spring / summer 2015 collections , as documented through the wonderful world of social media . .
( cnn ) -- from a 16-year - old girl who took over the united nations to the winner of this year 's nobel prize for literature -- several remarkable women have captured the world 's attention in 2013 . to honor their achievements , cnn takes a look at some of the most notable women of the year .
producer 's note : to put it bluntly , there are not enough proper toilets in the world to keep up with spiraling population growth . here , we met up with some bright minds on the campus of caltech to see their " toilet of the future . "
by . simon jones . stoke city are showing an interest in sporting lisbon left winger diego capel . the 26-year - old spain international is valued at £ 7million but stoke are understood to have made an opening offer of around £ 3.8 m . manager mark hughes also wants oussama assaidi from liverpool but has been quoted £ 7million for the 25-year - old . wanted : sporting lisbon 's diego capel ( left ) is understood to be the subject of a £ 3.8 m offer from stoke city . valued : oussama assaidi , who was on loan at stoke city last season , is priced by liverpool at £ 7million .
( cnn ) -- a plane carrying former president george w. bush was diverted to louisville on saturday night after the pilot reported the smell of smoke . the gulfstream iv aircraft was traveling from philadelphia international to dallas love field airports when the pilot reported the smell of smoke in the cockpit , said holly baker , spokeswoman for the federal aviation administration . she said the plane landed safely in louisville , kentucky . by early sunday morning , bush arrived safely home in dallas , his spokesman freddy ford said . bush 's legacy is on the mend . poll : you 're starting to remember bush fondly .
( cnn ) -- with the european leg of the alpine skiing world cup in full swing , cnn 's alpine edge takes you inside five of the continent 's most high - profile locations . as the planet 's top skiers hurtle down the slopes , alpine edge will tell the stories behind the sport iconic resorts from france 's val d'isere to 2013 world championship venue schladming in austria . click the skier icons on the map to find out more about the prestigious venues cnn will cover between now and march 's season - ender in lenzerheide , switzerland .
new delhi , india ( cnn ) -- police in the indian city of new delhi were probing an alleged rape of a 7-year - old girl , a case that sparked angry protests friday . no arrests have been made in the act , which allegedly occurred in the municipal school where the girl studied . tv footage showed the demonstrators pelting a bus with stones and smashing its windows , with police trying to control the protests . sexual assault on females is a hot - button issue in india . the country is still reeling from the horrific allegations against five men and a juvenile who are accused of gang raping and murdering a 23-year - old woman in new delhi in december .
( cnn student news ) -- march 8 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . north korea . california ; florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- scientists are studying what caused tsunami - like waves that observers spotted near the new jersey coast earlier this month . " the source is complex and still under review , " the national weather service 's west coast / alaska tsunami warning center says on its website . in new jersey 's barnegat inlet , a fisherman said he saw a massive , 6-foot - tall wave surging toward the coast on june 13 . tsunami - like waves were observed at more than 30 tide gauges in areas along the east coast , the center said . meteorological factors and the slumping of the continental shelf east of new jersey may have played a role , the center said .
qpr finance director rebecca caplehorn is to leave the club after being appointed head of football operations at tottenham . caplehorn , who has been at loftus road for five years since 2009 , is set to become a prominent figure at tottenham after being headhunted by chairman daniel levy . rebecca caplehorn , pictured here in 2001 , has been appointed head of football operations at spurs . caplehorn , who graduated from loughborough university with a joint honours degree in physical education , sports science and mathematics . she began her finance career in the health service and has also worked with the lawn tennis association . tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy watches a match against southampton in october .
( cnn ) -- the fbi on wednesday shut down a website advertising children for prostitution -- a move made as part of a broader crackdown on the sex trafficking of minors , law enforcement sources told cnn on condition of anonymity . federal agents closed myredbook.com in a raid in san francisco . two people were arrested on suspicion of operating the site , the sources said . the raid stems from a national child sex trafficking crackdown in which the fbi said it rescued 168 children and arrested 281 alleged pimps this month . some of the rescued children were identified through myredbook.com , one of the law enforcement sources said . the fbi acknowledged an ongoing investigation , but would not provide specific information .
( cnn student news ) -- november 9 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . guatemala . japan . michigan ; utah . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
sunderland have made a bid to take toby alderweireld on loan from atletico madrid but the player is reluctant to join due to the lack of european football . meanwhile the black cats have signed inter milan midfielder ricky alvarez on loan with view to an £ 8.5 m deal . gus poyet also has an interest in celtic 's dutch centre back virgil van dijk but is yet to bid . wanted man : sunderland have made a loan move for atletico madrid defender toby alderweireld .
sportmsmail 's chief sports reporter matt lawton broke the story of malky mackay and iain moody 's text exchange . here 's how the news rocked the football world ... wednesday . exclusive : chief sports reporter matt lawton 's story in thursday 's daily mail . thursday . revelation : sportsmail broke the story of mackay and moody 's text message exchanges . friday . saturday . texts : the lma described malky mackay 's messages to iain moody as    ‘ friendly text message banter ’ offensive : sportsmail can reveal malky mackay called vincent tan a ' chink ' in a disturbing text exchange .
( cnn ) -- canadians feared this day , hoping it would never come but also knowing the odds probably were n't in their favor either . not in this era of senseless gun violence , home - grown jihadists , and terrorist organizations with international reach . on wednesday , a gunman opened fire in the heart of the canadian capital , shattering a nation 's sense of security . questions galore : what prompted the attack ? is there a link to terrorism ? whatever the answers , one thing is clear : as one resident put it , " canada lost its innocence today . " this is how it unfolded . .
( cnn ) -- snooki gives birth to a little bambina ! nicole " snooki " polizzi delivered a baby girl early friday morning . the former " jersey shore " star and fiancã © e jionni lavalle welcomed giovanna marie lavalle , who weighed in at 6 pounds and 7 ounces . polizzi took to twitter to announce the news , letting fans know giovanna has a full head of black hair and is , quote , " perfect . " this is the second child for the couple , who welcomed son lorenzo in august 2012 .
( cnn ) -- the 39-year - old liberian artist was exiled during the country 's civil war , but returned to the capital monrovia after the conflict to open its first gallery . from his paintings to his cartoons in monrovia 's daily observer , lumeh remains a prolific artist .
( cnn ) -- each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our uniquely you : design of the day entry . click through the gallery above to see creative shots from home decor enthusiasts around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have inspiring decor ideas from your own home to share ? submit them for the gallery at cnn ireport !
liverpool and manchester city will do battle for far greater prizes this season but brendan rodgers ’s side drew first blood between last season ’s top two teams in the premier league as they won a penalty shootout in yankee stadium . steven jovetic scored another brace for city , with jordan henderson and raheem sterling on target for liverpool . the merseysiders will now face ac milan in charlotte on saturday with a chance to clinch top place in the group and set up the possibility of a showdown with manchester united and louis van gaal in miami of all places . video    watch liverpool 2 - 2 man city ( 3 - 1 on penalties ) highlights .
( cnn student news ) -- june 1 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . new york city ; michigan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
atlanta ( cnn ) -- a nigerian doctor has been diagnosed with ebola nearly three weeks after a liberian - american man with ebola died after traveling to lagos , nigerian officials said monday . nigerian minister of health onyebuchi chukwu told reporters that the infected physician had been treating patrick sawyer , a top government official in the liberian ministry of finance who died of ebola in a nigerian hospital july 20 . eight other people are being quarantined and three are awaiting ebola test results , the health minister said . read more about patrick sawyer 's death .
( cnn student news ) -- june 8 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . massachusetts ; washington , d.c . ; tampa , florida ; charlotte , north carolina . london . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
( cnn student news ) -- march 22 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . israel . cyprus . south korea ; north korea . philadelphia , pennsylvania . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- administrative professionals week is coming to a close , and though the term " secretary " is fraught with negative meaning for some , there have been stellar examples of efficiency , smarts and loyalty shown by administrative assistants both in real life and on the silver screen throughout the years . from moneypenny to holloway , these folks know how to get the job done . what does it take to be a great administrative assistant ? information , operations and human resources management , for a start . take a look at the gallery above to view famous clerical standouts and their specialties .
( ew.com ) -- sandra bullock will talk to matt lauer on tuesday morning 's today show . lauer will visit the actress in new orleans , where she has been living with her son , louis . bullock 's giving the interview for the best of reasons : to help to publicize new orlean 's warren easton charter high school . she and a school board member will talk about a new on - campus health clinic , which bullock helped fund . see the full article at ew.com . click here to try 2 risk free issues of entertainment weekly . © 2010 entertainment weekly and time inc . all rights reserved .
sanaa , yemen ( cnn ) -- a deadly blast rocked a bus carrying yemeni soldiers in the capital of sanaa on sunday . there were conflicting reports on the number of people killed . interior ministry officials initially said that 10 people had died and 14 more injured . but the defense ministry later said only one person had died and 24 others wounded . explosives had been planted in the rear of the bus , which was carrying air force personnel to their headquarters , the interior ministry officials said . yemen is home to al qaeda in the arabian peninsula . offensives by the nation 's army and drone attacks by the united states have reduced the terror organization 's effectiveness in recent years .
( cnn ) -- the 2012 fit nation tri challenge team is made up of seven cnn viewers selected to train for the nautica malibu triathlon with dr . sanjay gupta in september . for updates , visit the fit nation page , follow the team on twitter , or like our page on facebook . check back with us throughout the week for more photos .
( cnn ) -- the 2012 fit nation tri challenge team is made up of seven cnn viewers selected to train for the nautica malibu triathlon with dr . sanjay gupta in september . for updates , visit the fit nation page , follow the team on twitter , or like our page on facebook . check back with us throughout the week for more photos .
( cnn ) -- the u.s . embassy in stockholm , sweden , was briefly evacuated wednesday after an alarm was raised over a suspicious envelope containing white powder , stockholm police said . stockholm police are moving the envelope to a secure location in order to examine it , police spokesman albin navery said . " the embassy has been evacuated and we are working with swedish authorities to investigate the incident , " a u.s . state department official told cnn . all employees are accounted for , the official said . the all - clear has now been given and staffers have begun to return to the building , cnn affiliate tv4 said . cnn 's saskya vandoorne and jamie crawford contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- san antonio defeated the miami heat 104 to 87 to claim the nba championship sunday night . " this is a team , and that 's what makes this so , so great , " spurs guard manu ginobili said . san antonio dominated the series , winning four games to one . each spurs victory was by at least 15 points . " hard to believe , is n't it ? ginobili said . " we played at a really high level . " the victory snaps the heat 's two - year championship run and hands san antonio its fifth nba title . spurs forward kawhi leonard was named the series mvp .
( cnn ) -- five people died when a regional airliner crashed and caught fire just short of a runway in red lake , ontario , canada , police said . two people survived the bearskin airlines crash sunday night , said ontario police sgt . rob mcdonough . he said a male passenger managed to pull a female passenger to safety before the plane was engulfed by flames . two pilots and three passengers died . they were not identified . mcdonough said everyone aboard was a canadian citizen . the 19-passenger metro fairchild had taken off from sioux lookout . the transportation safety board of canada said its investigators would arrive at the scene monday .
( cnn ) -- with the european leg of the alpine skiing world cup in full swing , cnn 's alpine edge takes you inside five of the continent 's most high - profile locations . as the planet 's top skiers hurtle down the slopes , alpine edge will tell the stories behind the sport iconic resorts from france 's val d'isere to 2013 world championship venue schladming in austria . click the skier icons on the map to find out more about the prestigious venues cnn will cover between now and march 's season - ender in lenzerheide , switzerland .
tehran , iran ( cnn ) -- a visit to north korea and china planned by iran 's parliament speaker was postponed saturday , the semi - official mehr news agency reported . ali larijani 's trips were intended to promote parliamentary cooperation . " the time for larijani 's visit has changed and we will announce the new time when it is determined , " said hijatoleslam hossein sobhaninya , a member of the presiding board of parliament , according to mehr . in may , a report compiled by a u.n . panel of experts looking into security council violations by north korea found the country continues to trade banned weapons technology with several nations , including iran .
( cnn student news ) -- march 9 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iran . japan . mariana trench . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- australian prime minister kevin rudd announced sunday that national elections will take place september 7 . it 'll mark yet another turn in australian politics . in june , rudd returned as prime minister of australia -- three years after he was replaced in the office by his then - deputy julia gillard . rudd challenged gillard for leadership of the labor party and won a 57 - 45 vote among fellow labor members of parliament .
( cnn ) -- united express flight 5573 from san francisco to san antonio was diverted to phoenix sky harbor international airport thursday afternoon when a crew member discovered an undisclosed security threat , according to phoenix police . the nature of the apparent threat was not known , and after an investigation and a security check were completed , nothing suspicious was found , phoenix police sgt . steve martos told cnn affiliate kpho . the plane had been diverted thursday afternoon , and sky harbor officials said passengers were removed from the airplane and rescreened . the airport was not evacuated . the small commuter plane carried 47 passengers .
producer 's note : when daniel furbish started a bike workshop at a community center in nashville , he did n't know that much about building or fixing bikes . he did , however , know what an important tool a bike can be for a kid with little or no other means of transportation . we met him to see how this little experiment turned into a full - time program that has helped hundreds .
( cnn ) -- commercial office space , warehouses or factory facilities are not required to launch a successful business . at - home enterprises have turned many business people into full - fledged celebrities . grammy award - winning musicians outkast started in a basement recording studio in atlanta , georgia . apple , google and microsoft all were born at home - based facilities .     see more famous businesses that started at home » . culinary queen paula deen started her media empire by making bag lunches in her own kitchen .
( cnn ) -- italian drug lord roberto pannunzi , one of europe 's most wanted traffickers , was captured in a shopping center north of bogota , colombia police said saturday . pannunzi first presented a fake venezuelan i d and identified himself as silvano martino . the colombian police and drug enforcement agency collaborated to capture him . he was known as the " pablo escobar of italy , " colombian defense ministry said in a twitter post . pannunzi is accused of importing up to two tons of cocaine into europe each month , according to the defense ministry . he allegedly headed a criminal organization in southern italy .
new delhi , india ( cnn ) -- rescuers have recovered 90 bodies so far after landslides trapped dozens of people last week in a western indian village . at least eight people were pulled out alive after the landslides hit wednesday following heavy monsoon rains . " there are almost no chances of finding survivors now unless some miracle happens , " said suresh jadhav , a deputy district chief in maharashtra state . he said up to 65 people remain missing . the landslides were reported around midnight wednesday in malin , a village in maharashtra 's pune district , near mumbai . emergency crews are expected to clear the debris and pull out any remaining survivors or bodies , he said .
( cnn student news ) -- may 4 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . philippines . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a democratic bill to overturn the supreme court 's hobby lobby decision , which allows some companies to refuse insurance coverage for contraceptives because of religious objections , failed to advance in the senate on wednesday . nearly all republicans voted against it . democrats argued the ruling last month was deeply unfair to women and blasted republicans for blocking the bill . republicans defended the religious rights of private companies impacted by the decision . the issue has strong implications for the 2014 midterm elections as each party tries to attract more women voters .
( cnn ) -- as the ceo of guardian life insurance , deanna mulligan has joined a small but powerful group of female business executives on the fortune 500 list . she talks to " leading women " about life at the helm of the 150-year - old insurance giant and how opportunities for female professionals are growing day by day . with women only holding 4.2 % of fortune 500 ceo positions , cnn takes a look at the pearls of wisdom shared by some of the world 's leading businesswomen on getting to the top -- and staying there . lauren said - moorhouse contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- five people died when a regional airliner crashed and caught fire just short of a runway in red lake , ontario , canada , police said . two people survived the bearskin airlines crash sunday night , said ontario police sgt . rob mcdonough . he said a male passenger managed to pull a female passenger to safety before the plane was engulfed by flames . two pilots and three passengers died . they were not identified . mcdonough said everyone aboard was a canadian citizen . the 19-passenger metro fairchild had taken off from sioux lookout . the transportation safety board of canada said its investigators would arrive at the scene monday .
( cnn)the national flag of the united states of america can be found hanging off homes across the country , flapping atop mount everest and sitting on the moon 's surface . here are some of the most unique places ireporters have spotted america 's stars and stripes . have you seen the american flag in an unexpected place ? share your photos with cnn ireport for a chance to be featured .
( cnn ) -- muslim brotherhood leader mohammed badie and 36 other supporters of ousted egyptian president mohamed morsy got life sentences saturday in cairo , state media reported . the defendants are accused of inciting violence . an additional 10 defendants sentenced to death in june have had their sentences upheld by egypt 's grand mufti , who , by law , must review capital punishment decisions . this is the second sentence handed down to badie , who was found guilty and sentenced to death in april . he was convicted of taking part in a deadly attack on a police station last year . read more : egypt court upholds 183 death sentences . read more : hundreds of muslim brotherhood supporters face death .
( cnn ) -- at a press conference in dallas earlier this month , i listened as a hospital administrator made the now infamous revelation that a feverish man was allowed to go home from the emergency room even though he 'd recently been in liberia . that man , of course , turned out to be thomas eric duncan , who died the next week of ebola . reporters looked at each other and gasped in surprise . how could they have let duncan go home ? not me . i thought , " it 's happened again . "
new delhi ( cnn ) -- at least 25 people are dead after a train crash in india early tuesday morning , a spokesman for the ministry of railways said . the hampi express passenger train crashed into a stationary goods train in penukonda , in the southern state of andhra pradesh , said the spokesman , anil kumar saxena . the passenger train was en route from hubli to bangalore . the collision , which involved three coaches of the hampi express , also left 55 people injured . saxena said he suspects the driver of the hampi express may have overlooked a red signal . he said an investigation has been ordered . journalist rakesh nagar contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- june 1 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . new york city ; michigan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the 2012 fit nation tri challenge team is made up of seven cnn viewers selected to train for the nautica malibu triathlon with dr . sanjay gupta in september . for updates , visit the fit nation page , follow the team on twitter , or like our page on facebook . check back with us throughout the week for more photos .
( cnn student news ) -- may 11 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . london , united kingdom ; greece . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- clipped wings no more , the blue angels are soaring again . the blue and gold jets are returning to the sky after being grounded much of last year because of forced spending cuts . the u.s . navy flight demonstration squadron kicked off the 2014 air show season with its first show saturday , march 15 , at naval air facility el centro in california . the nation 's best military fliers halted their iconic aerobatic performances in april 2013 . but aerospace and military fans are rejoicing as the blue angels return this year for more dynamic aerial demonstrations . the team is scheduled for 68 performances at 35 locations between now and november 8 .
starting wednesday , openly gay youths will be allowed to join scouting . boy scouts of america made the decision in may to accept them into their ranks .     the resolution took effect when the new year rang in . more than 60 % of the group 's 1,400-member national council voted back then at an annual meeting in grapevine , texas , for the change . " no youth may be denied membership in the boy scouts of america on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone , " the resolution said . the bsa , however , will maintain its ban on gay adult leaders .
( cnn ) -- traffic on interstate 15 in southern california was backed up for miles early tuesday after a new overpass in the city of hesperia caught fire , a fire official said . the major artery between los angeles and las vegas is expected to be closed for up to 48 hours while crews put out the fire and demolish the damaged structure , according to eric sherwin with the san bernadino county fire department . the bridge caught fire monday when sparks from blowtorches used to cut reinforcing bar ignited the wooden framework supporting the structure . hesperia is about 60 miles northeast of los angeles . college tour in california ends in fiery wreck , leaves 10 dead .
london ( cnn)two women have been arrested in england on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offenses , west midlands police said wednesday . one woman , aged 23 , is suspected of preparing for acts of terrorism and the second , aged 33 , is suspected of failing to disclose information , a police statement said . both were detained at their homes in the town of walsall , north of birmingham , on wednesday morning by officers from the west midlands counter terrorism unit . they are currently being held at a police station in the area , police said . the united kingdom last summer raised its terror threat level to severe , the second - highest level .
( cnn student news ) -- june 8 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . massachusetts ; washington , d.c . ; tampa , florida ; charlotte , north carolina . london . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- october 5 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria ; turkey . denver , colorado ; toronto , canada . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a stampede at a religious gathering in northwestern china left 14 dead and 10 others injured on sunday , china 's state - run news agency xinhua has reported , citing local government . the incident is still under investigation , but xinhua 's initial report said the stampede occurred during the handing out of food at an event to commemorate a late religious figure in a mosque in guyuan , a city in the ningxia hui autonomous region . the injured victims were hospitalized . four people are in critical condition , xinhua reported . global public square : 2014 is a make or break year for china .
cnn 's going green : oceans will take you above and below the water for a unique perspective on how coral reefs impact the world 's oceans and you . join cnn special correspondent philippe cousteau as he explores australia 's great barrier reef with scientists from the catlin seaview survey as they map the extraordinary eco - system with pioneering photographic equipment . watch the 30-minute going green : oceans special on friday march 29 at 15:30 gmt ( 11:30 et ) . join cousteau online immediately after the show at 16:00 gmt for a live one - hour twitter chat about ocean health and how you can help promote and preserve biodiversity beneath the waves . send your questions to philippe using # cousteaucnn .
( cnn ) -- every once in a while a story about an individual saving a life makes a big splash . but it 's rare to find five such stories of bravery clustered together in fewer than eight days . from the teens who thwarted a kidnapping to the real - life superheroes who emerged at comic - con , here are five examples plucked from a week of headlines about human beings risking their own lives in some cases to assist their fellow travelers : . . mobile viewers unable to see the storify below , click this link .
( cnn student news ) -- march 29 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington ; ellis island . hong kong . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
by . simon jones . sunderland are showing interest in qpr striker charlie austin . the 25-year - old scored 20 goals last season but rangers have bid for ajax striker kolbeinn sigthorsson and are keen on norwich striker gary hooper . burnley have expressed an interest in signing sunderland misfit danny graham . middlesbrough and watford have also asked about graham , 28 , who sunderland are willing to sell for £ 1 m but may even loan out . wanted man : sunderland are keen on qpr 's charlie austin - who returned to pre - season training this week . london bound ? qpr are keen on norwich striker gary hooper .
( cnn student news ) -- january 13 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . mississippi . haiti . new zealand & papua new guinea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
a lockdown imposed tuesday afternoon at indiana university - purdue university indianapolis has been lifted , according to the school 's twitter account . students and staff at the university had been asked to take shelter earlier tuesday afternoon while police investigated a report of an armed person on campus . according to the school 's twitter account and website , students were to " remain in shelter location until an all clear is received . " that all - clear message came at 4:36 p.m. " now returning campus to normal operations , " the tweet read . the school did not say whether any gunman had been found . about 30,000 students go to the school in indianapolis .
lg electronics was estqablished in 1958 as goldstar , and produced some of korea 's first radios , tvs , refrigerators , washing machines and air conditioners through the 1960s . today the company employs more than 82,000 people working in over 110 operations including 81 subsidiaries around the world . lg electronics is comprized of four business units - mobile communications , digital appliance , digital display and digital media . in 2006 global sales for the whole company totalled $ 38.5 billion . lg is the world 's leading producer of cdma / gsm handsets , air conditioners , front - loading washing machines , optical storage products , dvd players , flat panel tvs and home theater systems . e - mail to a friend .
qpr are considering a bid for aston villa defender ron vlaar should they fail to sign steven caulker from cardiff . roma are also keen on vlaar while villa want to offer him a new contract . dutchman : ron vlaar was one of holland 's standout players at the world cup . heading off : cardiff city has accepted a bid from qpr steven caulker ( right ) , says harry redknapp . qpr are discussing terms with ajax striker kolbein sigthorsson and have interest in watford 's troy deeney . midfielder samba diakite is close to joining saudi arabian club al - ittihad on loan . wanted : qpr are also interested in watford striker troy deeney . video qpr close in on centre backs .
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities said friday that they have not arrested the son of drug lord joaquin " el chapo " guzman , contrary to what they had said a day earlier . the nation 's navy announced thursday that it had arrested alfredo guzman salazar in western mexico . a day later , after doing more identification tests , it said it had not arrested guzman 's son . el chapo , who oversees the powerful sinaloa drug cartel , is considered the most wanted man in mexico . in 2009 , guzman salazar was indicted in illinois , together with his father , on various drug trafficking charges . . cnn 's kevin gallagher contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- one - time republican presidential nominee bob dole has his candidate for 2016 : mitt romney . dole , a 91-year - old former senate majority leader and 1996 gop presidential nominee , said as he introduced romney , the party 's 2012 nominee , during a campaign rally monday : " i want him to run again . " dole and romney were in overland park campaigning for kansas republican sen . pat roberts , who faces a stiff challenge from independent businessman greg orman . romney brushed off the remark . " you never know what a 90-year - old is going to say , do you ? " he said . " i 'll tell ya . "
( cnn ) -- brazil has confirmed 657 fatalities caused by the h1n1 flu , the highest number of deaths in the world , the nation 's health ministry said . brazil registered 7,569 new cases of the virus also known as swine flu from august 25 to 29 , the health ministry said . however , new cases of the virus had dropped in the past three weeks . in terms of mortality rate -- which considers flu deaths in terms of a nation 's population -- brazil ranks sixth and the united states is 12th , the brazilian health ministry said in a news release this week . argentina ranked first per capita , brazilian health officials said .
( cnn ) -- cnn explores beijing 's underground music scene and the bands making the rest of the world sit up and listen .
( cnn student news ) -- september 21 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iran ; strait of hormuz . atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a magnitude 5.6 earthquake hit chile 's central coast on tuesday , according to the u.s . geological survey . the quake 's epicenter was in the coquimbo region , 100 miles north of the city of valparaiso . it struck just after 8:20 p.m. ( 6:20 p.m. et ) at a depth of 14.6 miles . no tsunami warning had been issued , and there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries . earthquakes do not frequently hit the area , and some communications problems were reported after the quake , juan carlos ossandon of radio balneario de los vilos told cnn chile .
( cnn)five drones were reportedly seen flying over sensitive and well - known areas of paris overnight -- sightings that authorities are investigating , the city prosecutor 's office said tuesday . the unmanned aerial vehicles were spotted over the eiffel tower , the bastille , place de la concorde , les invalides and the u.s . embassy , according to agnes thibault - lecuivre , a spokeswoman for the paris prosecutor 's office . the drones were seen between midnight and 6 a.m. the french aviation police are searching for the operators of the drones .
volkswagen passat estate se business 2.0 tdi 150ps . price as driven : £ 31,270 . good . the    volkswagen passat estate se business 2.0 tdi 150ps ( pictured ) is the eighth generation of the model . bad . the passat has been around for 42 years , pictured here is the first generation of the model in 1973 .
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
everton are continuing to consider a deal for samuel eto'o as they intensify their search for another striker . the cameroon international was released by chelsea at the end of last season . meanwhile , england u17 international midfielder ryan ledson , 16 , has signed his first professional contract with the toffees . on the lookout : everton are still considering whether to make a move for former chelsea striker samuel eto'o . video we should ' ve won - martinez .
( cnn)once hillary clinton 's official announcement went online , social media responded in a big way , with terms like " hillary clinton , " " # hillary2016 , " and yes , even " # whyimnotvotingforhillary " trending . certainly , you could n't go far on twitter ( even before clinton tweeted her announcement ) , without an opinion or thought on her new campaign ( there were over 3 million views of her announcment tweets in one hour , and 750,000 facebook video views so far by sunday evening ) . some tweeted their immediate support , with one word : .
nicklas bendtner has been released by arsenal after nine years at the club . the 26-year - old 's departure was confirmed on thursday and the danish striker is now available on a free transfer . bendtner was joined on the released list by bacary sagna , lukasz fabianski and zak ansah , who have already completed permanent moves to manchester city , swansea city and charlton athletic respectively . ju young park was also let go , while kim kallstrom and emiliano vivianoâ€ ™ s loan spells have ended . released : nicklas bendtner will leave arsenal after nine years at the club . bye - bye : bendtner scored 47 times for arsenal having made his debut in 2005 .
( cnn ) -- at least 30 al - shabaab militants in somalia were killed in a joint raid by kenyan and somali forces saturday , officials said . the operation targeted an al - shabaab hideout in kolbio , somalia , col . cyrus oguna of the kenyan defense force said . the al qaeda - linked islamist group has been connected to the attack in nairobi 's westgate mall last month where 67 people were killed . saturday 's raid follows another operation earlier in the week , where kenyan warplanes targeted a militant training camp inside somalia . kenyan officials say the terror group has used camps to train operatives , including attackers who targeted westgate mall .
( cnn student news ) -- february 8 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . montgomery , alabama ; selma , alabama ; little rock , arkansas ; washington , d.c . china . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 29 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington ; ellis island . hong kong . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- september 23 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . georgia . corrales , new mexico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the u.s . embassy in stockholm , sweden , was briefly evacuated wednesday after an alarm was raised over a suspicious envelope containing white powder , stockholm police said . stockholm police are moving the envelope to a secure location in order to examine it , police spokesman albin navery said . " the embassy has been evacuated and we are working with swedish authorities to investigate the incident , " a u.s . state department official told cnn . all employees are accounted for , the official said . the all - clear has now been given and staffers have begun to return to the building , cnn affiliate tv4 said . cnn 's saskya vandoorne and jamie crawford contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- with the european leg of the alpine skiing world cup in full swing , cnn 's alpine edge takes you inside five of the continent 's most high - profile locations . as the planet 's top skiers hurtle down the slopes , alpine edge will tell the stories behind the sport iconic resorts from france 's val d'isere to 2013 world championship venue schladming in austria . click the skier icons on the map to find out more about the prestigious venues cnn will cover between now and march 's season - ender in lenzerheide , switzerland .
jakarta , indonesia ( cnn ) -- an indonesian air force jet crashed into a residential area of jakarta on thursday , killing at least nine people , officials and local media said . six of the dead were crew members and a surviving copilot was in intensive care . another three people died on the ground , an air force spokesman said . the jet slammed into houses . local media reported that eight homes were damaged .
( cnn ) -- google inc . will refund at least $ 19 million to consumers over complaints it unfairly billed for charges incurred by children using mobile apps downloaded to android mobile devices from the google play app store . the settlement was announced by the federal trade commission thursday . the company also agreed to modify its billing practices to ensure that it obtains customers ' consent before charging for items sold in mobile apps . the settlement is the latest seeking to address a growing problem of the digital age -- the ability of children to make purchases without their parents ' knowledge .
( cnn)you may want to plan a bbc binge - watching party . according to what 's on netflix now , the streaming service may be losing favorites like " doctor who " and " luther " come january 31 because of an expiring contract between the streaming service and bbc . that would mean missing shows like " little britain " and the original " house of cards . " of course , the " doctor who " fans have already launched a petition to " save the show " on netflix . we ' ve got our fingers crossed that the pair can work things out . if not , there 's always amazon prime .
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
( cnn ) -- sir elton john and david furnish are now husband and husband . the two married sunday in britain , where same - sex marriage became legal earlier this year . they had a civil partnership ceremony in 2005 , after 12 years together . they have two children -- zachary jackson levon furnish - john and elijah joseph daniel furnish - john . the two men invited people all over the world to join them for the ceremony via elton john 's brand new instagram feed . .
( cnn )     -- officials have uncovered a common grave in paraguay that contained at least two bodies of victims believed tortured and killed under former strongman alfredo stroessner , authorities said . human remains are discovered thursday in an asuncion , paraguay , neighborhood . speaking at the grave site thursday , president fernando lugo called it the remnants of a " painful period " in paraguay 's history . stroessner held power from 1954 - 89 and was known as a brutal dictator whose regime tortured and killed hundreds of government opponents . the bodies were found in tacumbu , a neighborhood in paraguay 's capital city , asuncion .
( cnn student news ) -- december 9 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq . hawaii . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- november 4 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . france & greece . china . ohio . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a russian spacecraft was launched sunday in kazakhstan , carrying crew members from three countries to a four - month deployment aboard the international space station . nasa astronaut sunita williams , japan 's aki hoshide and russian cosmonaut yuri malenchenko will join other crew members on the station , according to nasa . the soyuz tma-05 m was launched from the baikonur cosmodrome , according to nasa . the soyuz is expected to dock with the orbiting complex on tuesday , nasa said . the launch and docking of the expedition 32 crew members coincides with the 37th anniversary of the apollo - soyuz test project , the first docking of an american spacecraft with a russian spacecraft .
( cnn student news ) -- november 4 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . france & greece . china . ohio . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 9 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iran . japan . mariana trench . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- spaniard pop singer alejandro sanz has married raquel perera in a private ceremony in barcelona , spain , the couple announced wednesday . the newlyweds , who married on may 23 , then baptized their son , dylan , on saturday , the parents said in a statement . " it was a very beautiful day , unique and moving and everything went as we had dreamed , " the couple said in a statement about their wedding . sanz , 43 , who was born in madrid and raised in cadiz in the andalusia area of spain , is a singer - songwriter and guitarist known for his flamenco - inspired music . facebook founder mark zuckerberg updates relationship status to ' married '
( cnn ) -- today is the 90th birthday of former president jimmy carter . born on october 1 , 1924 , the georgian has lived a political life that is filled with controversy and turmoil . many americans consider his presidency to be a complete failure . it was four years during which a stagnant economy got worse and foreign policy spiraled out of control with the iran hostage crisis . since leaving washington , carter has remained a polarizing figure . his positions on international issues such as the conflicts in the middle east have often caused his detractors to say that he favors one side over the other . nine things abo .
( ew.com ) -- a " firefly " reunion is coming to comic - con . science channel , which airs repeats of the short - lived fox cult favorite , is hosting a 10-year anniversary panel for the sci - fi show . creator joss whedon and writer tim minear along with stars nathan fillion , alan tudyk , adam baldwin , sean maher , michael fairman are all expected to be on board . the panel is being held friday , july 13 at 12:30 p.m. see full story at ew.com . click here to try 2 risk free issues of entertainment weekly . © 2011 entertainment weekly and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn ) -- actress salma hayek has been named a knight of the legion of honour in france , according to an official government publication . hayek , 45 , is a mexican - born actress and producer . the notice in the official journal of the french government does not elaborate on why she is being honored , but cites her as an " active member of charities , 23 years of services . " the legion is france 's highest national decoration and " rewards the outstanding merits of citizens in all walks of life , regardless of social , economic or hereditary backgrounds , " according to the website of the grand chancellery of the legion of honour .
( cnn student news ) -- november 4 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . france & greece . china . ohio . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- it 's here again -- the tournament that sees africa 's finest battle for footballing glory . south africa is hosting the 29th edition of the africa cup of nations ( afcon ) , welcoming 16 teams from across the continent . holders zambia will be looking to defend last year 's fairytale triumph when they won their first - ever afcon title after beating a star - studded ivory coast team in a dramatic penalty shootout . the tournament kicks off on 19 january , with the host nation taking on debutants cape verde in johannesburg . the final takes place on february 10 . click on the country markers above to find out more about the teams taking part .
( cnn student news ) -- november 18 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city . azerbaijan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- african voices catch up with nigerian author chinua achebe , africa 's man of letters . a contender for the title of africa 's most widely read novelist , his first work " things fall apart " has been translated into 40 languages . " i think story telling was my life . i was very curious about story telling . even attempting to remember the first one is like trying to remember the day you were born , i ' m not sure you can , " he told cnn .
( cnn student news ) -- september 30 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . chicago , massachusetts & washington , d.c . china . puerto rico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
los angeles , california ( cnn ) -- christina aguilera has split with husband jordan bratman , but there was no immediate talk of divorce , her representative said tuesday . " although jordan and i are separated , our commitment to our son max remains as strong as ever , " aguilera said in a statement released tuesday through her representative . the 29-year - old singer - actress and the 33-year - old music executive married five years ago . their son , max , was born two years ago . aguilera co - stars with cher in " burlesque , " a major feature film set for a thanksgiving release . cnn 's denise quan contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- the french open is the second grand slam of the tennis season , and it is widely regarded as the most grueling to win -- two weeks of often epic , grinding matches on the energy - sapping red clay of roland garros . cnn 's open court talked to the five past women 's champions to get their insights into what it takes to be a winner in paris . click on the above video to start the story , and then hear from defending champion maria sharapova , li na , francesca schiavone , svetlana kuznetsova and ana ivanovic by clicking on the panel strips to the side .
( billboard)one of the funnest parts of any award show is what happens over on the social streams . many memes popped up during the 57th grammy awards on sunday . below are some of the best memes from the 2015 grammys , including rihanna and iggy azalea : .
( cnn)well is n't that non - dairy delightful ? starbucks announced it will begin offering coconut milk as a non - dairy option for an additional 60 cents . the internet , at least , loves this plan -- and the company 's customers can thank themselves for the move . " providing a non - dairy alternative to dairy and soy is the second most requested customer idea of all time from mystarbucksidea.com , generating more than 84,000 votes , " says a press release on the company 's newsroom site . the news had some consumers practically foaming at the mouth . starbucks will start offering single origin sumatra coconut milk at its u.s . stores starting february 17 .
( cnn ) -- san antonio defeated the miami heat 104 to 87 to claim the nba championship sunday night . " this is a team , and that 's what makes this so , so great , " spurs guard manu ginobili said . san antonio dominated the series , winning four games to one . each spurs victory was by at least 15 points . " hard to believe , is n't it ? ginobili said . " we played at a really high level . " the victory snaps the heat 's two - year championship run and hands san antonio its fifth nba title . spurs forward kawhi leonard was named the series mvp .
( cnn ) -- it 's the ultimate sporting world tour . the hsbc sevens world series comprises nine rugby sevens tournaments played across eight months in locations all around the world . the action began in australia in october and the series will come to a blockbuster conclusion in london in may . it 's a sport where athleticism is king and is accompanied by a carnival atmosphere everywhere it visits . in this interactive map , cnn takes you inside the tournaments which make up this truly global sporting celebration .
( cnn ) -- authorities have seized more than 1,000 pirate costumes made in china and destined for sale in washington state because they contained high levels of lead , officials said . shipments worth $ 10,000 were on the way to a distributor in seattle when they were seized by u.s . customs officials . the consumer product safety commission found the costumes contained more than 11 times the allowable level of lead . officials did not specify when the seizures occurred but said the tainted products will be destroyed .
( cnn student news ) -- january 25 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . north korea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits libya in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 19 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
( cnn student news ) -- october 21 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . libya . new york city & los angeles . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- former baseball slugger jose canseco accidentally shot himself in his left finger while cleaning a gun , police said . he was in surgery tuesday night , his fiancee tweeted . " this is leila . thank you all for the kind words and prayers . jose is in still surgery and will be ok . please pray for his finger ! ! , " she said in a tweet posted to his account .
( cnn ) -- the frail , humble man wrapped in a loincloth wearing round - rimmed spectacles is a symbol of india 's independence from british rule that happened today , 66 years ago . the late mohandas gandhi ( 1869 - 1948 ) is affectionately known as mahatma ( sanskrit for " great soul " ) and the father of the nation -- the instigator of peaceful , nonviolent protest that influenced social and political change . today , who carries the torch and continues this future superpower 's fight for a land that 's fair and free ? cnn has compiled the following list of a handful of india 's modern day activists on twitter , in no particular order : . .
( cnn ) -- egyptian women called for a million woman march on tuesday , international women 's day , demanding " fair and equal opportunity for all egyptian citizens -- beyond gender , religion or class . " " we are not after minority rights . we are not after symbolic political representation , " they said in a statement on facebook . women were very visible among demonstrators who toppled egypt 's president hosni mubarak last month , which feminists called a breakthrough for egyptian society .
the exchanges between nathan cleverly and tony bellew ahead of their fight at the liverpool echo arena on saturday have already become nasty . the pair do not get on . when they fought as light heavyweights in 2011 , cleverly emerged victorious but bellew has made it clear he is out for revenge now they have both moved up to cruiserweights and predicted he will enjoy a ' devastating ' victory at the weekend . they will face up again for the weigh - in at st george 's hall on friday and you can watch the meeting live below . tony bellew ( left ) and nathan cleverly ( right ) face up ahead of their fight in liverpool on saturday .
kabul , afghanistan ( cnn ) -- at least three people were killed and 30 injured in an explosion near the governor 's compound in the city of lashkar gah in southern afghanistan thursday , authorities said . a suicide bomber driving a car apparently targeted a foreign armored convoy outside the town 's education department , said daoud ahmadi , a spokesman for the governor , who added that three women were among the injured . a spokeswoman for the british foreign office said three british nationals who were near the governor 's compound were injured when the blast went off . afghan president hamid karzai , who 's currently in europe , condemned the attack , a presidential spokesman said .
( cnn ) -- ahmed ben bella , algeria 's first president after the country became independent from france in 1962 , has died at the age of 96 , algeria 's state - run news agency said wednesday . he passed away at his family home in algiers , algerie presse service reported . he was taken to a military hospital twice more than a month ago , the news service said . ben bella was president until 1965 , when he was deposed in a coup by houari boumedienne . people we ' ve lost in 2012 : the lives they lived .
( cnn ) -- delta air lines tweeted what was supposed to be a celebratory message after team usa defeated ghana in monday 's world cup match . it turned into a bit of a fiasco when twitter users had to inform the company that , while ghana has abundant wildlife , including lions , it does n't have wild giraffes . the mistake gave the impression the airline did not do its homework about the country . .
( cnn student news ) -- august 31 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . tampa , florida ; gulf of mexico . london . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
seoul , south korea ( cnn ) -- a north korean torpedo attack was the most likely cause for the sinking of a south korean warship last month , according to a us military official . the us believes the ship was sunk by the blast of an underwater explosion , but that the explosive device itself did not come in contact with the hull of the south korean ship , the official said . this is the same conclusion expressed by south korean military officials .
( ew.com ) -- a " firefly " reunion is coming to comic - con . science channel , which airs repeats of the short - lived fox cult favorite , is hosting a 10-year anniversary panel for the sci - fi show . creator joss whedon and writer tim minear along with stars nathan fillion , alan tudyk , adam baldwin , sean maher , michael fairman are all expected to be on board . the panel is being held friday , july 13 at 12:30 p.m. see full story at ew.com . click here to try 2 risk free issues of entertainment weekly . © 2011 entertainment weekly and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn ) -- an earthquake hit the dominican republic thursday , the u.s . geological survey reported , almost exactly two years to the day after a massive quake devastated the neighboring nation of haiti . the 5.3 quake was centered in the south of the country , about 170 miles ( 270 km ) east of the haitian capital port - au - prince , the usgs said . general juan manuel mendez of the dominican republic emergency operations center said there were no reports of damage yet , but added : " we will be checking once it is daylight . "
( cnn ) -- the president of the united arab emirates has undergone surgery after a stroke and is in stable condition , the ministry of presidential affairs said saturday . " the ministry announces that president his highness sheikh khalifa bin zayed al nahyan suffered a stroke on friday morning , 24th january , " the ministry said in a statement . " he immediately underwent a surgical operation . his health is now stable . " it gave no further details . al nahyan became president of the uae in 2004 .
( cnn ) -- a plane carrying former president george w. bush was diverted to louisville on saturday night after the pilot reported the smell of smoke . the gulfstream iv aircraft was traveling from philadelphia international to dallas love field airports when the pilot reported the smell of smoke in the cockpit , said holly baker , spokeswoman for the federal aviation administration . she said the plane landed safely in louisville , kentucky . by early sunday morning , bush arrived safely home in dallas , his spokesman freddy ford said . bush 's legacy is on the mend . poll : you 're starting to remember bush fondly .
( cnn ) -- at least 36 people were killed in a stampede at a stadium in mali after a speech by a prominent imam , the british embassy in the country said tuesday . the stampede at the modibo keita stadium took place monday afternoon as the crowd was leaving the facility , said mohamed ba , a consular at the embassy . another 64 people were wounded , he said . the crowd had come to hear imam osman madani haidara speak . " the stadium seats 25,000 and it was absolutely full , as it is every time imam osman madani haidara gives a sermon , " ba said .
( cnn student news ) -- september 28 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities said friday that they have not arrested the son of drug lord joaquin " el chapo " guzman , contrary to what they had said a day earlier . the nation 's navy announced thursday that it had arrested alfredo guzman salazar in western mexico . a day later , after doing more identification tests , it said it had not arrested guzman 's son . el chapo , who oversees the powerful sinaloa drug cartel , is considered the most wanted man in mexico . in 2009 , guzman salazar was indicted in illinois , together with his father , on various drug trafficking charges . . cnn 's kevin gallagher contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- britain 's prince william and catherine , duchess of cambridge , have left on their honeymoon , the royal family announced tuesday . but st . james 's palace would not say where they went . william , the second in line to the british throne , married catherine middleton in london april 29 , in a wedding that brought much of the united kingdom to a flag - waving , street - partying , television - watching halt . they spent the weekend after the wedding on vacation in the united kingdom , according to the royal family . they are due to travel to canada this summer , their first official foreign trip since getting married .
arsenal , newcastle united and southampton have checked on caen midfielder n'golo kante . paris - born kante is a defensive minded player who has impressed for caen this season and they are willing to sell for around £ 5million . marseille have been in constant contact with caen over signing the 24-year - old who has similarities with lassana diarra and claude makelele in terms of stature and style . n'golo kante is attracting interest from a host of premier league clubs including arsenal . caen would be willing to sell kante for around £ 5million .
( cnn student news ) -- october 12 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . danville , kentucky . bahamas . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the cannes film festival wrapped up for another year this weekend , following the success of turkish flick " winter sleep , " which took home the top prize . as most of the stars -- and the yachts -- now nursing their hangovers in monaco , we take a look back at the weeks ' highlights - the boos ! the cheers ! what we loved , what we hated ... bought to you by host myleene klass and intrepid cnn producers neil curry and francesca church . all , of course , in glorious instavision ! .
mogadishu , somalia ( cnn)a suicide bomber rammed an explosive - laden vehicle into an army convoy sunday in the heart of mogadishu , somalia , killing four civilians and three soldiers in addition to himself , police said . the al qaeda - linked islamist militant group al - shabaab claimed responsibility through its spokesman sheikh ali dheere . the convoy was carrying u.s.-trained special forces when it was targeted near a vegetable market , capt . mahad abdi , a somali police officer , told cnn . what is al - shabaab ?
( cnn ) -- in the rich man 's world of diversified asset portfolios and international investment opportunities , luxury property in the right market equals hot property . but where do speculating millionaires and billionaires get the most bang for their buck ? is it in the suave sophistication of new york city , the ornate splendor of london 's townhouses or the ultramodern apartments of central shanghai ? we ' ve compiled the following list using data gleaned from the knight frank wealth report 2013 to show the most valuable locations for luxury properties .
starting wednesday , openly gay youths will be allowed to join scouting . boy scouts of america made the decision in may to accept them into their ranks .     the resolution took effect when the new year rang in . more than 60 % of the group 's 1,400-member national council voted back then at an annual meeting in grapevine , texas , for the change . " no youth may be denied membership in the boy scouts of america on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone , " the resolution said . the bsa , however , will maintain its ban on gay adult leaders .
( cnn student news ) -- march 30 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . colorado & rhode island . afghanistan . north sea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
editor 's note : world - renowned chef , author and emmy winning television personality anthony bourdain visits libya in the next episode of " anthony bourdain : parts unknown , " airing sunday , may 19 , at 9 p.m. et . follow the show on twitter and facebook .
( cnn ) -- former mexican president felipe calderon says he was several kilometers from the area where two explosions went off in boston on monday . " we were watching the marathon a few kilometers from the finish line , " calderon wrote in a twitter post . " my solidarity is with the victims of the explosions of today in boston and with the american people that unjustly suffers these acts , " calderon wrote . moments earlier , the former president had congratulated mexicans who participated in the race . calderon , who governed mexico from 2006 to 2012 , is spending this academic year as a fellow at harvard university . what we know about the explosions , aftermath .
( cnn ) -- a fuel tanker rammed into a bridge and exploded into a ball of fire thursday , killing 22 people and sending flames sweeping over the saudi arabia capital , state television reported . in addition to the fatalities , at least 111 others were wounded , according to the report . the accident occurred at a busy intersection in riyadh . it affected an unknown number of cars and left buildings with gaping windows . read more : electrical fire kills 23 at saudi wedding .
washington ( cnn ) -- a man tried to jump the white house fence on friday , causing a brief lockdown while he was apprehended , law enforcement officials said . police declared the incident over after checking a briefcase and taking the man into custody . he was not identified . president barack obama was not at the white house at the time . he was in michigan for a speech and the signing of the farm bill .
tokyo ( cnn ) -- authorities have suspended their search for a missing crew member in a u.s . military helicopter that crashed in okinawa after human remains were found at the site . the helicopter crashed monday at camp hansen , a marine base on the japanese island . the three other crew members who were recovered from the wreckage of the hh-60 pave hawk are in stable condition at the u.s . naval hospital okinawa , the u.s . air force said tuesday . japanese prime minister shinzo abe called for the grounding of the u.s . helicopters , while the crash is investigated . the pave hawk is u.s . air force version of the army 's black hawk helicopter .
( cnn ) -- the cannes film festival wrapped up for another year this weekend , following the success of turkish flick " winter sleep , " which took home the top prize . as most of the stars -- and the yachts -- now nursing their hangovers in monaco , we take a look back at the weeks ' highlights - the boos ! the cheers ! what we loved , what we hated ... bought to you by host myleene klass and intrepid cnn producers neil curry and francesca church . all , of course , in glorious instavision ! .
( cnn ) -- at a press conference in dallas earlier this month , i listened as a hospital administrator made the now infamous revelation that a feverish man was allowed to go home from the emergency room even though he 'd recently been in liberia . that man , of course , turned out to be thomas eric duncan , who died the next week of ebola . reporters looked at each other and gasped in surprise . how could they have let duncan go home ? not me . i thought , " it 's happened again . "
( cnn)each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our travel photo of the day . click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? submit it for the gallery at cnn ireport !
( cnn ) -- mexican authorities said friday that they have not arrested the son of drug lord joaquin " el chapo " guzman , contrary to what they had said a day earlier . the nation 's navy announced thursday that it had arrested alfredo guzman salazar in western mexico . a day later , after doing more identification tests , it said it had not arrested guzman 's son . el chapo , who oversees the powerful sinaloa drug cartel , is considered the most wanted man in mexico . in 2009 , guzman salazar was indicted in illinois , together with his father , on various drug trafficking charges . . cnn 's kevin gallagher contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- dry ice in a plastic bottle exploded in an employee restroom at los angeles international airport , causing a brief shutdown of one terminal , the fbi said . the restroom is an area of terminal 2 not open to the general public , fbi spokeswoman laura eimiller said in a statement . the fbi and other agencies " will investigate the incident to determine the individual or group responsible , " eimiller said . no injuries were reported , and terminal 2 resumed operations after a brief evacuation . terminal 2 is the airport 's " secondary international terminal , " airport spokesman nancy castle said .
( cnn ) -- ah gay paris , the city of lights , the fashion capital of the world ( just ignore what new york hipsters have to say on the subject ) . cnn sent former model and entrepreneur charlotte collard , musician and presenter myleene klass and our very own natasha maguder - a crack team of fashionistas if ever there was one - to forage behind the scenes at this year 's pfw ... .
johannesburg ( cnn ) -- on the eve of oscar pistorius ' sentencing , some of his biggest supporters -- his siblings -- told cnn that the lives of everyone close to the trial have already been changed forever , no matter the outcome . pistorius , 27 , is due to be sentenced tuesday for culpable homicide and one weapons - related charge in connection with his fatal shooting of his girlfriend , reeva steenkamp .
( people.com ) -- reports that producers of nbc 's " the voice " plan to fire coach christina aguilera are baseless , says the network . " there is absolutely no truth to the rumor , " paul telegdy , nbc executive vice president , alternative programming , said in an official statement . aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition , which is set to premiere next february 5 in a key scheduling slot following the super bowl . cee lo green , adam levine and blake shelton will continue to work alongside aguilera in the coaching chairs . see full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn ) -- a week before her death , south african model reeva steenkamp talked about her secure , blissful environment . " i woke up in a happy , safe home this morning , " she tweeted . " not everyone did . " four days after she posted that message , neither did she . the 29-year - old model was shot dead by her boyfriend at his house in pretoria . she died on valentine 's day last year . read more : who is " blade runner " oscar pistorius ?
( cnn student news ) -- march 15 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china . vatican city . mississippi ; new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- february 22 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china . cobb county , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- october 28 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . greece . thailand . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
bangkok , thailand ( cnn ) -- three bomb blasts rocked the southern thai border city of sungai kolok , leaving at least four people dead and 118 wounded , officials said . the explosions happened friday night in thailand 's narathiwart province , according to the country 's ministry of public health . authorities believe the bombs were planted in a car and motorcycle , and detonated with some form of coordination , according to military spokesman col . prinya chaidilok . he said the incident was carried out by " drug gangs " retaliating after a narcotics crackdown by authorities last week . sungai kolok , which borders malaysia in southern thailand , is a popular tourist destination for thais and malaysians .
( cnn)for a guy whose most famous character who felt no emotion , leonard nimoy is the recipient of a ton of feelings . after tmz reported that the legendary actor beloved as mr . spock on " star trek " had been rushed to the hospital last week with severe chest pains , friends and fans alike took to social media to wish him well . on monday , some wise words about life appeared on nimoy 's official twitter account . in february 2014 , nimoy announced that he had been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 30 years after having given up cigarettes .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- actor michael madsen was arrested after getting in a scuffle with his teenage son friday , the los angeles county sheriff 's department said . madsen , 54 , was arrested friday afternoon after deputies were called to his malibu home , according to a sheriff 's department statement . " madsen , an actor , appeared under the influence of alcohol got into a physical altercation with his teenage son , " the statement said . the teen did not need medical attention . madsen , who starred in the movie " kill bill , " faces a charge of cruelty to a child . bail was set at $ 100,000 .
( cnn)justin timberlake and jessica biel , welcome to parenthood . the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake , in statements to people . " silas was the middle name of timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar , who died in 2012 , while randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first , " people reports . the couple announced the pregnancy in january , with an instagram post . it is the first baby for both .
( cnn ) -- the fbi on wednesday shut down a website advertising children for prostitution -- a move made as part of a broader crackdown on the sex trafficking of minors , law enforcement sources told cnn on condition of anonymity . federal agents closed myredbook.com in a raid in san francisco . two people were arrested on suspicion of operating the site , the sources said . the raid stems from a national child sex trafficking crackdown in which the fbi said it rescued 168 children and arrested 281 alleged pimps this month . some of the rescued children were identified through myredbook.com , one of the law enforcement sources said . the fbi acknowledged an ongoing investigation , but would not provide specific information .
( cnn student news ) -- january 11 , 2013 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . massachusetts ; florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the internet is captivated by the news that amazon is considering a future system that uses unmanned aerial vehicles , or drones , to deliver packages . some people spent hours examining the feasibility of such a plan and earnestly pondering the effects of weather , thieves and other factors . others , of course , just cracked jokes . twitter , as usual , had a field day with the idea . here are some of the funniest comments , memes and parody " drone " accounts . .
washington ( cnn ) -- a cancer with no place in the 21st century . a poison opposed with " every breath in our body . " talk is tough against isis , the sunni jihadists rampaging through syria and northern iraq , following the group 's release of a video showing the beheading american journalist james foley . but what is the international community actually doing ? here is a breakdown by country of steps taken or announced : . united states . more than two years after president barack obama brought home combat troops from a lengthy war in iraq , a new mission creeps upward .
the masters 2015 is almost here . to help get you in the mood for the first major of the year , rory mcilroy , ian poulter , graeme mcdowell and justin rose , plus past masters champions nick faldo and charl schwartzel , give the lowdown on every hole at the world - famous augusta national golf club . click on the graphic below to get a closer look at what the biggest names in the game will face when they tee off on thursday .
sportsmail ’s    mike dickson speaks to british australian open quarter - finalist dom inglot ahead of andy murray 's last eight clash with nick kyrgios at the rod laver arena . inglot feels murray has the quality to overcome kyrgios despite the rapturous home support that will be cheering on the australian at the melbourne showpiece . inglot and his team - mate florin mergea caused a major upset in the australian open doubles after they defeated brothers bob and mike bryan to reach the knockout stages . andy murray is ready to deal with a vocal home crowd when he faces nick kyrgios in melbourne .
( cnn student news ) -- april 27 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . liberia & sierra leone . netherlands . california . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
producer 's note : everyone 's had their smartphone run out of juice right at the most inopportune moment . but now , through kickstarter , a company called siva cycle has created a new device to make sure this never happens to you again . it 's cheap . it 's practical . and it 's remarkably low - tech . we spoke to them via skype , and they showed us how it all works .
the build - up for the blockbuster fight between floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao in las vegas on may 2 steps up a gear on tuesday night when the american holds an open workout for the media . the session will be streamed live across the world and you can watch it here from 12 am uk ( 7 pm edt ) .
( cnn ) -- police in glendale , arizona are investigating the stabbing deaths of a husband and wife who were found dead on the grounds of luke air force base . their bodies were found sunday night inside a post office on the base , according to glendale police detective jeff doukas , who said more details are expected to be released monday morning . a knife was found at the scene , said capt . carla gleason , a base spokeswoman . " there is no indication that there is a threat to any military personnel or families , " said .
( cnn ) -- investigators have arrested a suspect from russia in connection with a fire that killed 156 people in a nightclub in russia in 2009 , the spanish national police said thursday . authorities in spain arrested konstantin mrykhin , who was the commercial director of a nightclub in perm , russia where fireworks triggered a fire and panic on dec . 5 , 2009 , the police said in a statement . mrykhin has been wanted in russia , where police say he ignored safety measures in organizing the fireworks display that caused the fire , the statement said . mrykhin fled russia to barcelona , spain to evade a charge of involuntary manslaughter , police said .
( cnn ) -- seven people were arrested for allegedly plotting to bomb densely populated areas in amsterdam , netherlands , police said thursday . one member of the group of six men and one woman has ties to a bombing in madrid , spain , said amsterdam police spokeswoman shermain canbamme . late thursday , police were still searching buildings where the arrests were made , she said . several shopping areas and the area around a soccer stadium had been closed as a precaution . the suspects were being held at several police stations , police said , and no charges had been filed as of late thursday night .
a newborn baby is in intensive care at a brisbane hospital , as police investigate the cause of the two - week - old ’s life threatening head injuries . the investigation has been launched by the child protection investigation unit on the gold coast , according to the courier mail . the infant was rushed to gold coast university hospital on sunday and is now in the icu at brisbane ’s mater children ’s hospital . the two - week - old baby was first taken to gold coast university hospital ( pictured ) on sunday . the child ’s parents , from maudsland on the northern gold coast , are understood to be cooperating with police .
( cnn ) -- a molotov cocktail was tossed at an islamic center in one of three attacks in new york city , authorities said early monday . the three attacks in queens were at a bodega , islamic center and a private house on sunday night . molotov cocktails were used in all the attacks , resulting in some damage , but no injuries , the new york police department said . in a fourth incident , a fire damaged part of house , but it was too early to tell whether it was a result of a molotov cocktail or whether it 's related to the other incidents , police said . an investigation is ongoing .
( cnn student news ) -- december 2 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq & kuwait . california ; tennessee ; boca raton , florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
tokyo ( cnn ) -- authorities have suspended their search for a missing crew member in a u.s . military helicopter that crashed in okinawa after human remains were found at the site . the helicopter crashed monday at camp hansen , a marine base on the japanese island . the three other crew members who were recovered from the wreckage of the hh-60 pave hawk are in stable condition at the u.s . naval hospital okinawa , the u.s . air force said tuesday . japanese prime minister shinzo abe called for the grounding of the u.s . helicopters , while the crash is investigated . the pave hawk is u.s . air force version of the army 's black hawk helicopter .
( people.com ) -- k.d . lang and her girlfriend are calling it quits . lang , 50 , filed legal documents to end her domestic partnership with jamie price , who 's been her partner for nearly nine years . lang filed for dissolution of domestic partnership , citing irreconcilable differences , according to the papers filed on december 28 and obtained by people . a rep for lang did not respond to request for comment . the couple met through their mutual buddhist teacher , according to new york magazine . news of the longtime musician 's filing was first reported by tmz . see the full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn ) -- ah gay paris , the city of lights , the fashion capital of the world ( just ignore what new york hipsters have to say on the subject ) . cnn sent former model and entrepreneur charlotte collard , musician and presenter myleene klass and our very own natasha maguder - a crack team of fashionistas if ever there was one - to forage behind the scenes at this year 's pfw ... .
( cnn student news ) -- february 17 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- two gunmen opened fire thursday on a team carrying out polio vaccinations in pakistan 's southwestern balochistan province , killing the police officer guarding them . " the assailants sped away on their motorcycle after the attack , " shah muhammad , a police official , told cnn . there was no immediate claim of responsibility for the attack , which occurred in balochistan 's loralai district . a police investigation was under way . teams carrying out polio vaccinations in quetta , pishin , loralai and other parts of balochistan have been repeatedly attacked by militants . cnn 's marie - louise gumuchian contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- november 2 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city ; new jersey . iran ; afghanistan . vatican city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- march 23 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . france . abu dhabi . wisconsin . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
fifty - two people are missing after a south korean fishing boat sank in the bering sea , the south korean government said . the vessel sank monday with 60 crew members on board . eight people were rescued , but one of them later died , said kim hong - won , an official at the south korean ministry of oceans and fisheries . the cause of the sinking , in the frigid waters that lie between far - eastern russia and alaska , was n't clear . the crew consisted of 35 indonesians , 13 filipinos , 11 south koreans and one russian , kim said .
( cnn student news ) -- april 6 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . colorado state university ; santa cruz , california ; augusta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- despite sporadic reports of violence , such as the deaths of 10 policemen in mombasa , so far kenyans have been keen to show a peaceful vote in the east african state . many have taken to social media to show images of long , peaceful voting lines , proud voters with ink stained fingers , and politicians casting their votes . cnn asked kenyans on instagram , facebook and twitter to show their images from voting day , and were flooded with responses . here are some of the best . check out the storify on mobile and send your election experiences to ireport . .
atlanta ( cnn ) -- a nigerian doctor has been diagnosed with ebola nearly three weeks after a liberian - american man with ebola died after traveling to lagos , nigerian officials said monday . nigerian minister of health onyebuchi chukwu told reporters that the infected physician had been treating patrick sawyer , a top government official in the liberian ministry of finance who died of ebola in a nigerian hospital july 20 . eight other people are being quarantined and three are awaiting ebola test results , the health minister said . read more about patrick sawyer 's death .
a suspected serial bank robber wanted in incidents in three east coast states has been arrested in medford , new york , the fbi said tuesday . agents and new york police arrested luis alomar , 37 , around 2:30 a.m. tuesday , the agency said in a statement . it did n't provide details of where he was arrested in the long island community or how he was located . the fbi had sought the public 's help monday in finding alomar , who is suspected of robbing 20 banks in new york , new jersey and delaware . alomar allegedly flashed a gun at tellers in some of the robberies , sometimes threatening to shoot them if they said anything , the fbi said .
( cnn ) -- authorities in mexico have arrested gilberto barragan balderas , one of the leaders of a powerful drug dealing group called the gulf cartel , police said . mexican police said they arrested him friday in the border city of reynosa . he was also wanted in the united states , and the state department had offered a $ 5 million reward for his capture . barragan balderas , 41 , was responsible for various drug trafficking operations to the united states via the border between tamaulipas , mexico , and texas , police said . police learned that the suspect was going to attend a party friday and used that information to locate him . cnn 's esprit smith contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- australian prime minister kevin rudd announced sunday that national elections will take place september 7 . it 'll mark yet another turn in australian politics . in june , rudd returned as prime minister of australia -- three years after he was replaced in the office by his then - deputy julia gillard . rudd challenged gillard for leadership of the labor party and won a 57 - 45 vote among fellow labor members of parliament .
( cnn ) -- each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our uniquely you : design of the day entry . click through the gallery above to see creative shots from home decor enthusiasts around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have inspiring decor ideas from your own home to share ? submit them for the gallery at cnn ireport !
( cnn ) -- an inmate serving time for assaulting a police officer escaped from an oklahoma prison monday , a corrections official said . mark dwayne smith , 28 , was last seen at the jackie brannon correction center in mcalester at 5:30 a.m. monday , but was discovered missing an hour later during a routine inmate count , state department of corrections spokesman jerry massie told cnn . smith had been at the prison since april 2009 , serving sentences for assault and battery on a police officer and auto theft , according to massie . cnn 's tracy sabo contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- october 12 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . danville , kentucky . bahamas . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- the recent incident involving chelsea and england captain john terry and queens park rangers ' anton ferdinand has seen the issue of racism in football dominate the headlines . the decision by london 's metropolitan police to launch an investigation into what occurred during the october 23 match follows allegations made by manchester united 's patrice evra of racial abuse from liverpool striker luis suarez during an english premier league clash . these two incidents are just the latest in a year which has seen the issue of race and football at the forefront of coverage of both club and international soccer .
by . dan bloom . these are the 12 mummified corpses which were unearthed in a neighbourhood of mexico city - and promptly adopted as beloved citizens . the remains lay undiscovered beneath a monastery in san ã .
stevie ray faces curt warburton for the third time - and you can watch it live with mail online . as part of our exciting new partnership with cage warriors , we will bring you full coverage from newcastle . watch all the action from the second half of the show from 9 pm .
( cnn student news ) -- february 22 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china . cobb county , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)five drones were reportedly seen flying over sensitive and well - known areas of paris overnight -- sightings that authorities are investigating , the city prosecutor 's office said tuesday . the unmanned aerial vehicles were spotted over the eiffel tower , the bastille , place de la concorde , les invalides and the u.s . embassy , according to agnes thibault - lecuivre , a spokeswoman for the paris prosecutor 's office . the drones were seen between midnight and 6 a.m. the french aviation police are searching for the operators of the drones .
( cnn student news ) -- december 21 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)justin timberlake and jessica biel , welcome to parenthood . the celebrity couple announced the arrival of their son , silas randall timberlake , in statements to people . " silas was the middle name of timberlake 's maternal grandfather bill bomar , who died in 2012 , while randall is the musician 's own middle name , as well as his father 's first , " people reports . the couple announced the pregnancy in january , with an instagram post . it is the first baby for both .
( people.com ) -- reports that producers of nbc 's " the voice " plan to fire coach christina aguilera are baseless , says the network . " there is absolutely no truth to the rumor , " paul telegdy , nbc executive vice president , alternative programming , said in an official statement . aguilera , 30 , remains under contract for the second season of the singing competition , which is set to premiere next february 5 in a key scheduling slot following the super bowl . cee lo green , adam levine and blake shelton will continue to work alongside aguilera in the coaching chairs . see full article at people.com . © 2011 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn student news ) -- december 14 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china & japan . syria . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
london ( cnn)two women have been arrested in england on suspicion of syria - related terrorism offenses , west midlands police said wednesday . one woman , aged 23 , is suspected of preparing for acts of terrorism and the second , aged 33 , is suspected of failing to disclose information , a police statement said . both were detained at their homes in the town of walsall , north of birmingham , on wednesday morning by officers from the west midlands counter terrorism unit . they are currently being held at a police station in the area , police said . the united kingdom last summer raised its terror threat level to severe , the second - highest level .
producer 's note : to put it bluntly , there are not enough proper toilets in the world to keep up with spiraling population growth . here , we met up with some bright minds on the campus of caltech to see their " toilet of the future . "
( cnn ) -- as barack obama makes his case to the nation for taking the fight to isis , his top diplomat is also trying to make sure america does n't have to go it alone . u.s . secretary of state john kerry is sweeping through the middle east to try to convince regional leaders to back america 's plan to beat back the terror group , which has seized a large chunk of territory stretching from northern syria to central iraq with alarming pace in recent months . so who 's with them ? .
( cnn ) -- a tour bus accident in southwest tibet left at least 44 people dead , china 's state - run news agency xinhua reported via twitter saturday . xinhua cited a spokesman with the regional government . the bus was involved in a three - vehicle pileup along the national highway in nyemo county in tibet , according to xinhua . it crashed against a sports utility vehicle and a pickup truck , and then plunged into the valley . photos showed the wrecked bus resting upside down by a riverbank . photos also showed emergency personnel and rescue workers carrying passengers from the scene in stretchers . dozens of pieces of luggage were piled to the side of the retaining wall .
( cnn ) -- italian drug lord roberto pannunzi , one of europe 's most wanted traffickers , was captured in a shopping center north of bogota , colombia police said saturday . pannunzi first presented a fake venezuelan i d and identified himself as silvano martino . the colombian police and drug enforcement agency collaborated to capture him . he was known as the " pablo escobar of italy , " colombian defense ministry said in a twitter post . pannunzi is accused of importing up to two tons of cocaine into europe each month , according to the defense ministry . he allegedly headed a criminal organization in southern italy .
( cnn student news ) -- october 19 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . florida , illinois , ohio , virginia . pakistan . united kingdom . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- italian fashion designers domenico dolce and stefano gabbana lost the appeal of their jail sentence for tax convictions in italy , their lawyer said wednesday . the men were sentenced to 18 months in prison by a lower court after being found guilty of failing to pay 40 million euros in taxes owed to the italian government last year . they must also pay a 500,000 euro fine . the case will now be appealed to italy 's supreme court of cassation , attorney armando simbari told cnn . the dolce & gabbana label is a popular brand on luxury clothing and accessories . cnn 's livia borghese in rome contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- april 20 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . india . gulf of mexico ; littleton , colorado ; washington , d.c . ; tennessee . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- another paris fashion week has come to an end with a bang . over the past week , cnn brought you all the action from behind the scenes and in the spotlight -- from head - turning looks on the catwalk , glamorous models and breathtaking set design , to the omnipresent kardashians hitting up the town in force and uber - fashionista carine roitfeld 's exclusive party . if you missed out , never fear . with a little help from bryanboy , chiara ferragni and facehunter who are part of a new blogging elite redefining the rules of fashion -- we bring you an instagram roundup of the hottest looks , people and parties . .
paris ( cnn ) -- paris was no paradise city for axl rose : about $ 200,000 worth of his jewelry was stolen when guns n ' roses played a show there tuesday night , police said wednesday . the jewelry was stolen from a lounge guarded by the frontman 's personal security team , police said . only invited guests and members of rose 's entourage were allowed into the area , they said . police did not say what items were taken . a police investigation is under way . neither axl rose nor the band had an immediate comment on the theft . guns n ' roses is touring europe through late july . cnn 's stephanie halasz contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- the death toll rose to 13 and number of injured increased to 154 after a truck carrying fireworks to a religious procession exploded friday in the central mexican city of nativitas , government news agency notimex reported . the explosion occurred when one of the fireworks went astray and landed in the truck carrying " a significant amount " of other fireworks , notimex said . the injured persons were being taken to several area hospitals , mateo morales baez told notimex . cnn 's nelson quinones contributed to this report .
( cnn )     --     a fire at a karaoke bar and discotheque in medan , in indonesia 's north sumatra province , killed at least 20 people friday night , according to a hospital . at least two people survived , according to aida sofiati of the pringadi hospital in medan . sofiati said 20 people were killed . mohammad zein , a fire official , said the blaze started around 10 p.m. , but firefighters were able to extinguish it within a half - hour . he said the cause of the fire was not known .
by . nina golgowski . published : . 01:02 est , 2 november 2012 . | . updated : . 21:14 est , 2 november 2012 . living among guns , drugs , paranoia and hallucinations , the scandalous life of the anheuser bush family 's final heir has been revealed in a shocking new book detailing his claimed spiral into self - destruction . unlawful death : an undated photograph of former anheuser - busch ceo august busch iv , right , and his girlfriend adrienne martin who died of an overdose in his bed in december 2010 . dreams : miss martin was an aspiring model .
( people.com ) -- reese witherspoon wants to move on after her accident . the actress is not pressing charges against the 84-year - old driver who struck her as she was jogging wednesday in santa monica , calif . , her rep tells people . the actress , 35 , suffered minor injuries and went home to recover , her rep said at the time . the driver , meanwhile , was cited for failing to yield to a pedestrian in a crosswalk . see original article at people.com . © 2010 people and time inc . all rights reserved .
( cnn ) -- push yourself . cherish family . vote . on this veterans day , cnn ireporters share the most important lessons they ' ve learned from vets in their lives . we heard from wives , girlfriends , husbands , children , grandchildren and friends of some of the 21.5 million veterans alive in the u.s . today -- and some who are no longer with us . visit cnnireport.com to see all the submissions and share your own . cnn 's daphne sashin , jamescia thomas and rachel rodriguez contributed to this report .
fifty - two people are missing after a south korean fishing boat sank in the bering sea , the south korean government said . the vessel sank monday with 60 crew members on board . eight people were rescued , but one of them later died , said kim hong - won , an official at the south korean ministry of oceans and fisheries . the cause of the sinking , in the frigid waters that lie between far - eastern russia and alaska , was n't clear . the crew consisted of 35 indonesians , 13 filipinos , 11 south koreans and one russian , kim said .
( cnn)each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our travel photo of the day . click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? submit it for the gallery at cnn ireport !
( cnn student news ) -- may 25 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . mexico . alaska ; japan . waterloo , new york . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- today is the 90th birthday of former president jimmy carter . born on october 1 , 1924 , the georgian has lived a political life that is filled with controversy and turmoil . many americans consider his presidency to be a complete failure . it was four years during which a stagnant economy got worse and foreign policy spiraled out of control with the iran hostage crisis . since leaving washington , carter has remained a polarizing figure . his positions on international issues such as the conflicts in the middle east have often caused his detractors to say that he favors one side over the other . nine things abo .
( cnn ) -- another paris fashion week has come to an end with a bang . over the past week , cnn brought you all the action from behind the scenes and in the spotlight -- from head - turning looks on the catwalk , glamorous models and breathtaking set design , to the omnipresent kardashians hitting up the town in force and uber - fashionista carine roitfeld 's exclusive party . if you missed out , never fear . with a little help from bryanboy , chiara ferragni and facehunter who are part of a new blogging elite redefining the rules of fashion -- we bring you an instagram roundup of the hottest looks , people and parties . .
serie a club parma have been deducted four points for breaching financial regulations . the sanction adds to the three they were penalised earlier in the season , the italian football federation ( figc ) said on thursday . parma 's players celebrate beating juventus at the weekend but the club are rooted to the bottom of serie a . the decision means that parma , who despite being last in serie a beat leaders juventus 1 - 0 on saturday , have been left with 12 points from 30 games . the club were declared bankrupt last month and have not paid their players all season .
( cnn ) -- despite sporadic reports of violence , such as the deaths of 10 policemen in mombasa , so far kenyans have been keen to show a peaceful vote in the east african state . many have taken to social media to show images of long , peaceful voting lines , proud voters with ink stained fingers , and politicians casting their votes . cnn asked kenyans on instagram , facebook and twitter to show their images from voting day , and were flooded with responses . here are some of the best . check out the storify on mobile and send your election experiences to ireport . .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- a truck carrying fuel for nato forces was set ablaze tuesday by suspected militants in pakistan 's southwestern province of balochistan , police said . the truck was on its way to nato forces in afghanistan when unknown assailants ambushed it and set it on fire near quetta , the provincial capital near the pakistan - afghan border , said police official muhammad khalil . trucks carrying fuel and supplies for nato forces have become frequent targets of militants opposed to american presence in the region .
( cnn ) -- italian drug lord roberto pannunzi , one of europe 's most wanted traffickers , was captured in a shopping center north of bogota , colombia police said saturday . pannunzi first presented a fake venezuelan i d and identified himself as silvano martino . the colombian police and drug enforcement agency collaborated to capture him . he was known as the " pablo escobar of italy , " colombian defense ministry said in a twitter post . pannunzi is accused of importing up to two tons of cocaine into europe each month , according to the defense ministry . he allegedly headed a criminal organization in southern italy .
each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our travel photo of the day . click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? submit it for the gallery at cnn ireport !
( cnn student news ) -- september 23 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . georgia . corrales , new mexico . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- no world cup games to watch , no trash to talk , no bandwagons to ride . it was a sad day on twitter without the world cup . from # piersing to mexico coach miguel herrera 's raging enthusiasm , to the controversial luis suarez bite , the competition has been filled with moments made for social media . it does n't hurt that the united states is playing well . those who follow soccer were well prepared for friday 's silence , but bandwagon fans were bewildered to wake up and find themselves alone , thursday 's party over . here are a handful of suggestions to pass the time until saturday afternoon , when the knockout round begins . .
( cnn ) -- from e ! 's strange " fun facts " to diane keaton 's girl scout song , the golden globes delivered plenty of bizarre and wonderful moments in addition to an awards show . here are some of our favorites . for those unable to see the content on a mobile device , please click here .
( cnn ) -- former mexican president felipe calderon says he was several kilometers from the area where two explosions went off in boston on monday . " we were watching the marathon a few kilometers from the finish line , " calderon wrote in a twitter post . " my solidarity is with the victims of the explosions of today in boston and with the american people that unjustly suffers these acts , " calderon wrote . moments earlier , the former president had congratulated mexicans who participated in the race . calderon , who governed mexico from 2006 to 2012 , is spending this academic year as a fellow at harvard university . what we know about the explosions , aftermath .
each day , cnn producers select a user - submitted photo to be our travel photo of the day . click through the gallery above to see stunning shots from around the world , and be sure to come back every day for a new image . have a gorgeous travel photo of your own to share ? submit it for the gallery at cnn ireport !
wigan are in talks over a possible £ 3million move for terrence boyd . the 6 ft 2ins usa international was born in germany and plays for rapid vienna . he scored 20 goals in 38 games for the austrians last season and uwe rosler wants him to spearhead wigan 's championship promotion challenge . boyd was included on jurgen klinsmann 's 30-man preliminary squad for the world cup but did not make the final cut . american boy : wigan are chasing us international striker terrence boyd and are willing to pay £ 3 m for him .
editor 's note : in celebration of international day of the girl ( october 11 ) and ada lovelace day ( october 14 ) , leading women is devoting the month of october to women and girls in stem : science , technology , engineering and math .
conor mcgregor insists featherweight champion jose aldo does n't want the title as much as he does . aldo makes the eighth defence of his belt against mcgregor in las vegas on july 11 . and the irishman said : ' he does n't want to be near me , he does n't want this the way i want it . ' he ca n't hide the fact he does n't want the belt in his presence . ' now watch sportsmail 's full interview with mcgregor . conor mcgregor grabbed jose aldo 's belt when they took their promotional tour to dublin last week .
( cnn ) -- clipped wings no more , the blue angels are soaring again . the blue and gold jets are returning to the sky after being grounded much of last year because of forced spending cuts . the u.s . navy flight demonstration squadron kicked off the 2014 air show season with its first show saturday , march 15 , at naval air facility el centro in california . the nation 's best military fliers halted their iconic aerobatic performances in april 2013 . but aerospace and military fans are rejoicing as the blue angels return this year for more dynamic aerial demonstrations . the team is scheduled for 68 performances at 35 locations between now and november 8 .
( cnn)for a guy whose most famous character who felt no emotion , leonard nimoy is the recipient of a ton of feelings . after tmz reported that the legendary actor beloved as mr . spock on " star trek " had been rushed to the hospital last week with severe chest pains , friends and fans alike took to social media to wish him well . on monday , some wise words about life appeared on nimoy 's official twitter account . in february 2014 , nimoy announced that he had been diagnosed with chronic obstructive pulmonary disease 30 years after having given up cigarettes .
( cnn student news ) -- april 6 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . colorado state university ; santa cruz , california ; augusta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- november 2 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city ; new jersey . iran ; afghanistan . vatican city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- by now you ' ve heard the news about the meteor that caused an enormous explosion in russia . officials say up to 1,000 people were hurt . most suffered minor injuries . once it was clear russia was not under attack , the internet relaxed and slyly glanced around . is your normally healthy reservoir of space jokes suffering a drought ? not to fear . if there 's one thing twitter excels at , it 's humor in the face of calamity . here are 11 funny tweets about the meteor we wish we 'd thought of . mobile users click here to see the storify . .
( cnn ) -- michael jackson , the show - stopping singer whose best - selling albums -- including " off the wall , " " thriller " and " bad " -- and electrifying stage presence made him one of the most popular artists of all time , died thursday , cnn has confirmed . he was 50 . he collapsed at his residence in the holmby hills section of los angeles , california , about noon pacific time , suffering cardiac arrest , according to brother randy jackson . he died at ucla medical center . as news of his death spread , stunned fans began to react and remember one of the most remarkable careers in music .
( cnn ) -- twelve lebanese soldiers have been killed in the southern city of sidon since sunday , in fighting with armed followers of lebanese sunni hardline cleric sheikh ahmed al - asir , according to the lebanese state news agency . despite the casualties , the national news agency reported that the lebanese army had tightened its control over the al - asir compound . al - asir is a vocal supporter of the syrian rebels who have been fighting hezbollah and the regime of syrian president bashar al - assad . the violence from the ongoing civil war in syria has frequently spilled over into lebanon in recent months .
( cnn ) -- the death toll rose to 13 and number of injured increased to 154 after a truck carrying fireworks to a religious procession exploded friday in the central mexican city of nativitas , government news agency notimex reported . the explosion occurred when one of the fireworks went astray and landed in the truck carrying " a significant amount " of other fireworks , notimex said . the injured persons were being taken to several area hospitals , mateo morales baez told notimex . cnn 's nelson quinones contributed to this report .
( cnn ) -- a landslide buried 83 workers in a mining area in the tibet autonomous region on friday morning , china 's official xinhua news agency reported , citing local authorities . the incident occurred about 6 a.m. in maizhokunggar county , east of lhasa , the regional capital . the victims , including two tibetans , were workers from tibet huatailong mining development co. ltd . , a subsidiary of the china national gold group corp . , the news agency said . the landslide extended three kilometers ( almost two miles ) and was made up of about 2 million cubic meters ( 2.6 million cubic yards ) of mud , rock and other debris , the regional government said .
( cnn student news ) -- may 11 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . london , united kingdom ; greece . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- italian fashion designers domenico dolce and stefano gabbana lost the appeal of their jail sentence for tax convictions in italy , their lawyer said wednesday . the men were sentenced to 18 months in prison by a lower court after being found guilty of failing to pay 40 million euros in taxes owed to the italian government last year . they must also pay a 500,000 euro fine . the case will now be appealed to italy 's supreme court of cassation , attorney armando simbari told cnn . the dolce & gabbana label is a popular brand on luxury clothing and accessories . cnn 's livia borghese in rome contributed to this report .
kabul ( cnn ) -- a truck and a minibus collided in afghanistan on friday , killing 17 people , a provincial government spokesman said . nine more were injured in the crash in nangarhar province , according to ahmadzia abdulzai . elsewhere in the country , two roadside bombs killed at least five people friday , a police spokesman said . four police officers died when their patrol hit a roadside bomb in kandahar province , said the spokesman , zia duranai . in the same province , a district governor was killed after running over a roadside bomb on his motorbike , he said .
( cnn ) -- former mexican president felipe calderon says he was several kilometers from the area where two explosions went off in boston on monday . " we were watching the marathon a few kilometers from the finish line , " calderon wrote in a twitter post . " my solidarity is with the victims of the explosions of today in boston and with the american people that unjustly suffers these acts , " calderon wrote . moments earlier , the former president had congratulated mexicans who participated in the race . calderon , who governed mexico from 2006 to 2012 , is spending this academic year as a fellow at harvard university . what we know about the explosions , aftermath .
( cnn student news ) -- november 18 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city . azerbaijan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- a 4.4-magnitude earthquake struck hawaii on monday evening , according to the u.s . geological survey . the quake struck about 6:30 p.m. ( 11:30 p.m. et ) and was 19.3 miles ( 31.1 km ) deep . the epicenter was 13 miles ( 20 km ) southwest of the coastal region of laupahoehoe and 189 miles ( 304 km ) east of honolulu , the usgs said . there were no immediate reports of damage or injuries .
( cnn ) -- pilots of the air france flight that crashed in 2009 and plummeted 38,000 ft in just three minutes and 30 seconds , lost vital speed data , france 's bureau of investigation and analysis ( bea ) said friday . pilots on the aircraft got conflicting air speeds in the minutes leading up to the crash , the interim reports states . air crash investigators at the paris - based bea have been working on the theory that the speed sensors , known as pitot tubes or probes , malfunctioned because of ice at high altitude . since the accident , air france has replaced the pitots on its airbus fleet with a newer model .
( cnn ) -- the mediterranean city of nice , france , draws celebrities and tourists from all over the world -- for good reason . check out ireporters ' snapshots above to see why and get some ideas for your trip . related story : live it up on the french riviera .
blackpool are in talks to sign austria defender thomas piermayr . the 25-year - old has been training with the championship club this week and they are keen to get him on board for what is expected to be confirmed as a campaign in league one next season . piermayr is a free agent and had been playing for colorado rapids .    the former austria u21 international had a spell with inverness caledonian thistle in 2011 . thomas piermayr ( left , in action for the colorado rapids ) tries to tackle obafemi martins last year .
( cnn student news ) -- december 21 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . ; atlanta , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn)books , films , quiz shows , comedies , documentaries -- there 's not a lot british television legend stephen fry has n't done . the beloved writer , actor and twitter devotee will sit down with cnn 's max foster monday afternoon , and he 'll be taking the best of your questions . what do you want to know ? tweet your question for fry with # askfry or leave it in the comments below . then watch this space for the full interview . full coverage : awards season 2015 .
( cnn student news ) -- october 12 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . danville , kentucky . bahamas . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
omaha , nebraska ( cnn ) -- a united airlines plane made an emergency landing in omaha on wednesday night after the crew discovered a fuel leak , an airport spokesman said . flight 788 was en route from san francisco to boston when it was forced to divert to eppley airfield with a fuel leak in the right engine , said joe rotterdam , an operation supervisor for the airport . the aircraft landed safely at 8:20 p.m. ct . united was bringing in another plane to fly the passengers to boston , rotterdam said . cnn 's marlena baldacci contributed to this report .
( cnn student news ) -- november 2 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . new york city ; new jersey . iran ; afghanistan . vatican city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- with the european leg of the alpine skiing world cup in full swing , cnn 's alpine edge takes you inside five of the continent 's most high - profile locations . as the planet 's top skiers hurtle down the slopes , alpine edge will tell the stories behind the sport iconic resorts from france 's val d'isere to 2013 world championship venue schladming in austria . click the skier icons on the map to find out more about the prestigious venues cnn will cover between now and march 's season - ender in lenzerheide , switzerland .
islamabad , pakistan ( cnn ) -- two men were arrested in southern pakistan this week on suspicion of trying to smuggle a batch of heroin disguised as onions out of the country , authorities said . officials seized 125 kilograms ( 276 pounds ) of heroin wednesday during the incident in karachi , said meraj mohammad channa , a customs official . the suspects made the drugs look like onions by using paint and plastic and then stashed them in bags of real onions , channa said . the drugs and vegetables were set to be shipped to malaysia until customs officials inspected the shipment . two men were arrested and authorities were looking for one more suspect , channa said .
( cnn ) -- a train derailed in florida at the port of tampa early thursday , causing 15 rail cars to topple over and leading to an ethanol spill . firefighters used foam on the spill to reduce flammability , said tampa fire department capt . lonnie benniefield . the operation to upright the cars and clean up the spill are expected to last well into thursday afternoon . there was no immediate word on injuries .
( cnn student news ) -- april 20 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . india . gulf of mexico ; littleton , colorado ; washington , d.c . ; tennessee . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
manchester united keeper sam johnstone has joined doncaster rovers on loan until january 3 . the england under 21 international 's last appearance was in the summer tour fixture against roma although he has been involved in behind - closed - doors friendlies of late . johnstone , 21 , enjoyed a loan with the south yorkshire club last term after loan spells with scunthorpe united , walsall and yeovil town . sam johnstone ( centre ) make a save during manchester united 's pre - season fixture against roma . the 21-year - old rejoins doncaster rovers , where he enjoyed a spell on loan last season , until january 3 .
( cnn student news ) -- january 13 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . mississippi . haiti . new zealand & papua new guinea . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
arsenal are keeping an eye on colombia goalkeeper david ospina of nice . arsene wenger is seeking competition for wojciech szczesny after no 2 goalkeeper lukasz fabianski left for swansea . colombian connection : arsenal are monitoring nice goalkeeper david ospina . swanning off : competition is needed for wojciech szczesny ( l ) after lukasz fabianski left for swansea . the 25-year - old will play for colombia at the world cup in brazil , with greece , ivory coast and japan in group c. ospina has been with nice in ligue 1 for six years , but the club are willing to sell for around £ 3million despite him recently signing a new deal . he has won more than 40 caps for his country .
( cnn student news ) -- march 8 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . north korea . california ; florida . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- making a set of subway stairs into a piano and a bottle bank into an arcade game ; just two ingenious ways to get people to take time to do the right thing and have fun . the viral videos are made by a swedish advertising agency ddb for volkswagen as part of the fun theory campaign . the company wanted to show that by making things fun , you 're more likely make people change their behavior for the better , be it for the environment , for themselves or other people . does it matter that such a fun little project is connected to a car company ? you decide . in the meantime , enjoy the videos .
( cnn student news ) -- june 1 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . syria . new york city ; michigan . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn student news ) -- september 28 , 2012 . download a pdf map related to today 's show : . new york city . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
bath have announced renewed contracts for back - row trio matt garvey , leroy houston and guy mercer . both garvey and houston arrived at the recreation ground ahead of last season , while mercer moved through the club 's academy system to senior status in 2011 . ' matt , leroy and guy are all talented players and offer different qualities that give us a good variety and strength in depth in the back - row , ' bath head coach mike ford said . ' they are passionate about the club and committed to what we are trying to achieve here . ' matt garvey , leroy houston ( above ) and guy mercer have agreed new deals with bath . â .
following a promotional tour which has spanned 13,000 miles in 10 days and visited eight countries on three continents , conor mcgregor and jose aldo come face - to - face for the final time in dublin ahead of their ufc featherweight title showdown in las vegas on july 11 . mcgregor will be on home turf in the irish capital and can expect a warm reception as the trash talking between himself and his brazilian opponent continues . watch the press conference live here on sportsmail from 6 pm . the partisan dublin crowd await the arrival of local hero conor mcgregor and title holder jose aldo .
( cnn ) -- the boston marathon , which had been run since 1897 , was rocked monday by two explosions at the finish line . here are a few facts , by the numbers , about the 2013 race , according to the boston athletic association : . -- in all , 26,839 runners and wheelchair racers registered . of them , 15,233 are men , and 11,606 are women . -- there are participants from 56 u.s . states and territories . -- seventy - four countries of residence and 96 countries of citizenship are represented .
peshawar ( cnn ) -- three people have been been killed and 13 others injured in a suicide blast against a security forces vehicle in pakistan 's northwestern city of peshawar . a spokesman from peshawar 's lady reading hospital says that the three people killed included a woman , a civilian and a member of the frontier corps . peshawarâ¹s bomb disposal chief , shafqat malik , confirmed the blast as a suicide attack , saying 45 kg of explosive material was used in a car coming from the opposite direction and hitting the frontier corps . peshawar police chief ijaz khan said that a high ranking army officer was the target of the attack but he is safe .
new delhi , india ( cnn )     -- at least 29 passengers were killed and 20 others injured as a bus fell into a gorge in northern india friday , police said . the wreck occurred in the kangra district of himachal pradesh state , said atul fulzele , the district police chief . authorities were investigating the cause of the accident , he added . more than 105,000 people were killed in traffic crashes in 2006 , according to world health organization report released this year . about half a million people are injured by traffic crashes that year , the report said . the india government said this year it has launched a campaign to reduce road - crash deaths by 50 per cent by 2012 .
( cnn student news ) -- december 16 , 2011 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . iraq . washington , d.c . london , united kingdom . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- it may have started as a tv debate about the israel - hamas conflict , but it 's now turned into a seemingly endless online war of words between russell brand and fox news anchor sean hannity . the british comedian , actor and occasional political commentator branded hannity a " terrorist " last week after the conservative u.s . pundit berated a palestinian guest on his show during a heated debate over israel 's ongoing war with hamas militants in gaza -- a conflict that has claimed the lives of hundreds of palestinians and dozens of israelis in the past month . .
( cnn student news ) -- february 22 , 2013 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . china . cobb county , georgia . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
( cnn ) -- have you ever been pulled over by airport customs for the strange items you pack in your suitcase ? ( egyptian artifact ? wiffle ball ? ) . or perhaps you have a tip for an unbeatable travel essential ? either way , cnn wants to get a peek inside your suitcase . next time you go on vacation , instagram or tweet @cnntravel a picture of the contents of your suitcase or your favorite travel item and tag it # howipack . we 'll feature the best submissions on cnn travel .
los angeles ( cnn ) -- in this week 's episode of justin bieber 's brush with the law , the pop singer has been accused of attempted robbery , police said . it sounds worse than it may be : the alleged incident is apparently over a cell phone . los angeles police department robbery detectives were investigating a report of an alleged robbery monday night " between an individual and mr . bieber near the batting cages " on los angeles ' west side , a police statement said wednesday . " the case remains under investigation with detectives conducting numerous interviews , " police said . a source close who 's close to bieber and is familiar with the situation played down the incident .
by . aap . scroll down for video . heavily armed police stand over one of the man arrested for the attempted robbery in cabramatta on monday . one of the heavily armed police officers who swooped when three men allegedly attempted to rob a bank in sydney 's south - west . a man receives treatment from paramedics . it is understood he was exposed to capsicum spray . a wig , a cap and other objects lie in the middle of john st , cabramattta . shoes lie on the street following the alleged attempted robbery in cabramatta . a person is led away following the alleged hold - up in cabramatta today . sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article .
( cnn ) -- a parachutist fell to his death saturday when his parachute failed to deploy during an air show north of tampa , the pasco county sheriff 's office said . the man , mark curto , 62 , had jumped from a biplane and died on the scene , sheriff 's spokeswoman melanie snow said . the pilot landed safely . curto was from tampa . the federal aviation administration and national transportation safety board have been notified , she said . plane carrying skydivers crashes in belgium .
floyd mayweather jnr and manny pacquiao come face - to - face in los angeles on wednesday and you can watch their press conference as it happens . the meeting marks the first , and only time , the pair will square - off ahead of the weigh - in , 24 hours before their mouth - watering may 2 blockbuster bout , so it promises to be explosive . the press conference gets underway at 8.30pm ( uk time ) , so make sure you tune - in to our live stream to catch every minute of the action … .
( cnn student news ) -- november 30 , 2012 . download pdf maps related to today 's show : . washington , d.c . new zealand . click here to access the transcript of today 's cnn student news program . please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .
