australia 's current account deficit shrunk by a record #.## billion dollars -lrb- #.## billion us -rrb- in the june quarter due to soaring commodity prices , figures released monday showed .
at least two people were killed in a suspected bomb attack on a passenger bus in the strife-torn southern philippines on monday , the military said .
australian shares closed down #.# percent monday following a weak lead from the united states and lower commodity prices , dealers said .
south korea 's nuclear envoy kim sook urged north korea monday to restart work to disable its nuclear plants and stop its `` typical '' brinkmanship in negotiations .
south korea on monday announced sweeping tax reforms , including income and corporate tax cuts to boost growth by stimulating sluggish private consumption and business investment .
taiwan share prices closed down #.## percent monday on wall street weakness and lacklustre interim earnings from electronics manufacturing giant hon hai , dealers said .
australian shares closed down #.# percent monday following a weak lead from the united states and lower commodity prices , dealers said .
spanish property group colonial , struggling under huge debts , announced losses of #.## billion euros for the first half of #### which it blamed on asset depreciation .
libyan leader moamer kadhafi monday promised wide political and economic reforms that he said would see ministries dismantled and oil revenues going directly into the pockets of the people .
the united nations ' humanitarian chief john holmes arrived in ethiopia monday to tour regions affected by drought , which has left some eight million people in need of urgent food aid .
new zealand share prices closed #.## percent higher monday in subdued trading ahead of a us holiday , dealers said .
beijing is enjoying its best air quality in a decade thanks to steps taken for the olympics , authorities said monday , amid a push by some locals for the anti- pollution measures to be made permanent .
south korean shares closed #.# percent lower monday following steep losses on wall street and the won 's continued decline against the dollar , analysts said .
south korea 's state-run korea development bank refused comment monday on a british newspaper report that it is still seeking a stake in troubled us investment bank lehman brothers .
taiwan shares closed down #.## percent monday on wall street weakness and lacklustre interim earnings from electronics manufacturing giant hon hai , dealers said .
south korea 's inflation rate slowed slightly in august as oil and commodity prices showed signs of stabilising , the national statistical office said monday .
south korea 's new parliament began its first regular session monday after months of delays , with the conservative party eager to push through a pro-business agenda after a decade of rule by liberal presidents .
an american man has been arrested and charged in cambodia with committing indecent acts against a ##-year-old child prostitute on a dark street , police and court officials said monday .
philippine share prices closed little changed monday as investors awaited the impact on oil prices from hurricane gustav as it slammed into the us gulf coast , dealers said .
hong kong share prices ended monday morning #.# percent down , tracking wall street weakness friday , dealers said .
the algerian cabinet chaired by president abdelaziz bouteflika on sunday adopted the #### finance bill predicated on an oil price of ## dollars a barrel and a growth rate of #.# percent , it was announced here .
philippine share prices closed little changed monday as investors awaited the impact on oil prices from hurricane gustav as it slammed into the us gulf coast , dealers said .
two policemen were killed and one was wounded in an attack on a police station early monday in russia 's caucasian republic of ingushetia bordering on chechnya , interfax news agency reported .
south korean shares fell sharply late monday morning following wall street 's steep friday losses and the won 's continued decline against the dollar , analysts said .
philippine troops on monday pursued limited operations against muslim rebel leaders accused of murder but said they were not hunting all the insurgents as the large islamic minority observed the holy month of ramadan .
hong kong share prices were down #.# percent on monday , tracking wall street 's fall on friday , dealers said .
chinese share prices opened down #.## percent monday , as investors took profit after last week 's gains on the market , dealers said .
a moderate earthquake measuring #.# on the richter scale rattled the central north island of new zealand monday but there were no early reports of casualties or significant damage , scientists said .
world oil prices rose by less than one dollar in asian trade on monday after hurricane gustav forced the shutdown of almost all oil production in the gulf of mexico , analysts said .
hundreds of australian holidaymakers stranded on the thai resort island of phuket are expected to head home monday after budget airline jetstar said it would send a chartered plane to collect them .
south korea 's trade deficit swelled to #.## billion dollars in august due mainly due to high oil and raw material prices , the government said monday .
hong kong gold prices opened lower on monday at ###.##-### .## us dollars an ounce , down from friday 's close of ###.##-### .## dollars .
european union leaders will put the bloc 's relations with moscow under scrutiny at an emergency summit on monday , although sanctions against russia are not in the cards .
mauritania 's junta in power since an august # coup d'etat announced early monday the `` formation of a government , '' state television reported .
malaysia 's financial markets are closed on monday for a public holiday .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani late wednesday strongly criticised cross-border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
energy firm eon uk , which is owned by german power giant eon , apologised on wednesday after one of its senior executives joked that a harsh winter would mean `` more money for us '' .
us roman catholic bishops on wednesday charged that immigration raids on us workplaces break up families and disrupt communities , without addressing the country 's flawed immigration system .
western countries will turn a blind eye to fraud in next month 's legislative election and recognize a win for the outgoing authoritarian regime , a major opposition party leader said wednesday .
a pollster whose mathematical model has correctly predicted every winner of the white house popular vote since #### is banking on a decisive victory for democrat barack obama in november .
the white house race plumbed new depths wednesday as barack obama accused john mccain of stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
the united states and china hold high-level trade talks in california next week amid tensions over the asian power 's massive export surplus and concerns about a slowing global economy .
president evo morales of bolivia on wednesday ordered the us ambassador expelled , accusing him of contributing to divisions in the country which the government warned was headed towards `` civil war .
the euro fell below #.## dollars for the first time in almost a year wednesday as investors sought a safer haven from recession fears in the eurozone and oil prices fell on demand worries .
britain 's prince charles called on the world wednesday to act with a `` sense of wartime urgency '' to protect the rainforests , warning they were `` <unk> connected '' to the phenomenon of climate change .
facebook 's new look became mandatory wednesday in a shift to what the popular social networking website says is a faster , streamlined and more <unk> format that has some devotees in a state of rebellion .
the us state department said wednesday it had received no formal word from bolivia that it was expelling the us ambassador there but rejected the charges against him as `` baseless .
the us state department said wednesday it had received no formal word from bolivia that it was expelling the us ambassador there but said the charges made against him are `` baseless .
bolivian president evo morales on wednesday declared the us ambassador to la paz `` persona non grata , '' accusing the envoy of encouraging the breakup of the country by promoting separatism .
texas authorities ordered coastal evacuations wednesday as deadly hurricane ike strengthened to a category two storm in the gulf of mexico and headed toward the southern us coast after ravaging cuba and the caribbean .
faced with a rapidly slowing economy , new zealand 's central bank cut the official interest rate by half a percentage point on thursday , double the reduction forecast by analysts .
tuareg rebel chief ibrahim ag bahanga has released the last ## hostages held by his renegade group in the north of mali , the government has said , in an important step forward towards peace .
bolivian president evo morales on wednesday declared the us ambassador to la paz `` persona non grata , '' accusing the envoy of encouraging the breakup of the country by promoting separatism .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani wednesday strongly criticised cross - border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
the white house race plumbed new depths wednesday as barack obama accused john mccain of stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
the organization for security and cooperation in europe -lrb- osce -rrb- , a european security body , urged wednesday its ## member states to intensify efforts to crack down on human trafficking .
russian foreign minister sergei lavrov arrived wednesday in the polish capital warsaw for his first visit to an eu member state since the georgia conflict erupted just over a month ago .
pakistan army chief general ashfaq kayani wednesday strongly criticised cross - border raids by us-led coalition forces and said the country would defend its sovereignty `` at all cost '' .
the euro , weakened by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell below #.## dollars for the first time in a year wednesday .
negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but both president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai hinted that agreement is very close .
new york mayor michael bloomberg on wednesday lambasted delays in rebuilding at the site of the #\/## terrorist attacks against the world trade center .
ailing investment bank lehman brothers announced plans wednesday to sell off key assets to shore up its finances as it posted more hefty losses linked to the us subprime real estate crisis .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing six people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
us stocks wobbled higher wednesday as investors mulled troubled investment giant lehman brothers 's news of hefty losses and plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
seven men suspected of plotting to blow up airliners over the atlantic ocean in #### face a retrial , prosecutors said wednesday , after a jury in london failed to reach verdicts .
georgia said one of its policemen was shot dead from a russian position wednesday in violation of a fragile truce , as a major crack appeared in the eu - brokered ceasefire over the remit of eu observers .
british prime minister gordon brown denied wednesday favoring either barack obama or john mccain in the us presidential race , despite writing an article in which he appeared to back the democrats .
kenyan police have a mounted a ##-hour patrol in a village where us presidential candidate barack obama 's grandmother lives after robbers made a botched attempt to rob her solar panel , an official said .
france , which holds the european union presidency , called wednesday for a joint european approach to resolving the challenges in the arctic , a region on the front lines of global warming .
us stocks wobbled higher wednesday as investors mulled troubled investment giant lehman brothers 's news of hefty losses and plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but both president robert mugabe and opposition leader morgan tsvangirai hinted that agreement is very close .
in villages in western georgia , russian soldiers are packing up to leave , rolling up barbed wire and removing equipment , but the process is anything but fast , residents said wednesday .
faith is no foil against market forces -- not even if you 're flogging the word of god , as the biggest printer of bibles in the world is finding out .
a dispute between rival english and domestic mining giants over rights to lucrative iron-ore deposits has forced armed police to intervene in sierra leone , officials said wednesday .
the second day of negotiations on power-sharing in zimbabwe ended wednesday without a deal , but president robert mugabe said participants will `` hopefully '' reach an accord thursday .
jean sarkozy , youngest son of french president nicolas sarkozy , exchanged wedding vows wednesday with an heir to a french retailing fortune in his father 's political fiefdom , west of paris .
turkish president abdullah gul and his azerbaijani counterpart ilham aliyev on wednesday stressed `` friendly relations '' following gul 's visit to azerbaijan 's arch-enemy armenia last week .
an israeli military helicopter with a two-man crew crashed near the northern town of afula and burst into flames on wednesday , army radio said .
russia 's envoy to nato urged nations in the military alliance on wednesday to cancel a visit to georgia by their ambassadors planned for next week .
president george w. bush declared an emergency in texas and state authorities began ordering evacuations as deadly hurricane ike , which strengthened wednesday to a powerful category two storm , churned in the gulf of mexico toward the us state .
the machinists union strike against boeing entered a fifth day wednesday with no sign of a resumption of contract talks on the horizon , both sides said .
hurricane ike strengthened to a powerful category two storm wednesday as it churned through the gulf of mexico toward the us state of texas , officials at the miami-based national hurricane center said .
drug trafficking on the web has soared as internet use has become commonplace , presenting far more challenges and dangers than traditional trafficking , experts warned at a conference in stockholm that wrapped up wednesday .
israeli troops opened fire and killed a palestinian during a raid in the northern west bank city of nablus on wednesday , security officials said .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing five people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
the pentagon canceled a ## billion-dollar competition for a new aerial refueling tanker wednesday , leaving the politically charged decision for one of its biggest military contracts to a new administration .
a spanish judicial watchdog on wednesday fined a judge #,### euros -lrb- #,### dollars -rrb- for allowing a convicted paedophile to remain free before he killed a young girl .
israel has recently foiled at least two attacks against its citizens abroad with the help of foreign security services , defense minister ehud barak said on wednesday .
a court sentenced an egyptian newspaper editor to one year in jail on wednesday for having published his paper without a permit from the press council , the state-run mena news agency reported .
mozambique 's ruling frelimo party will begin five-day talks to choose its candidate for #### presidential elections on thursday , a party official said .
a planned texas execution was put on hold wednesday but not because the judge and prosecutor in the convicted killer 's trial were in a sexual relationship at the time , authorities said .
south africa has won its bid to host the miss world beauty pageant after the contest was moved from ukraine over safety concerns in neighbouring georgia , an official said wednesday .
the euro , weakened by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell to an ##-month low of #.#### dollars in volatile trade wednesday , its lowest reading since october # , #### .
a powerful earthquake jolted southern iran on wednesday , killing five people , and damaging scores of homes on a resort island in strategic gulf waters .
a planned texas execution was put on hold wednesday but not because the judge and prosecutor in the convicted killer 's trial were in a sexual relationship at the time , authorities said .
yemen has stepped up measures to combat piracy off its coast , deploying troops in the gulf of aden and planning three centres to fight somali pirates , official sources said on wednesday .
russia on wednesday denied claims before the un 's highest court that it exercised effective control over the georgian rebel regions of south ossetia and abkhazia .
a southern african security summit due to begin wednesday was deferred by a day amid speculation that zimbabwe 's political rivals could finally ink a long awaited power-sharing deal .
un prosecutor serge brammertz expressed `` careful optimism '' here wednesday about belgrade 's efforts to arrest bosnian serb war crimes fugitive ratko mladic on a visit crucial for serbia 's eu aspirations .
the bulk of canada 's troops in afghanistan will not remain there past a #### pullout date set earlier this year , prime minister stephen harper said wednesday .
european stocks closed lower wednesday as sentiment turned increasingly cautious on the outlook for the economy and the banks after monday 's euphoric response to a us government bailout of two key us mortgage finance firms .
an israeli military helicopter with a two-man crew crashed near the northern town of afula and burst into flames on wednesday , army radio said .
manet 's `` olympia , '' titian 's `` venus delighting herself with love and music '' and goya 's `` la maja <unk> '' are to hang with other illustrious nudes alongside picasso 's very own in an unprecedented exhibition next month on `` painting learning from painting .
british prime minister gordon brown denied wednesday favoring either barack obama or john mccain in the us presidential race , despite writing an article in which he appeared to back the democrats .
britain pledged ## million pounds -lrb- ### million dollars , ## million euros -rrb- wednesday to help bangladesh fight the effects of climate change , as the low - lying south asian nation made a plea for billions of dollars in aid .
the white house disagreed wednesday with opec 's plans to cut oil output by half a million barrels a day , saying `` we would like to see more oil on the market , not less .
a front group for al-qaeda in iraq hit out at the country 's largest sunni arab parliamentary faction on wednesday over a government offensive against jihadists north of baghdad .
russian president dmitry medvedev moved to calm investors wednesday as the benchmark rts stock market index fell #.# percent wednesday , capping a ##-percent fall since the start of the year .
us roman catholic bishops on wednesday charged that immigration raids on us workplaces break up families and disrupt communities , without addressing the flawed us immigration system .
the white house on wednesday expressed guarded optimism about the future of north korean nuclear disablement efforts amid reports that north korean leader kim jong-il may be seriously ill .
particle physicists were jubilant on wednesday after the long-awaited startup of a <unk> designed to expose secrets of the cosmos passed its first tests with flying colors .
an israeli military helicopter crashed near the northern town of afula on wednesday , army radio said .
seven men accused of being part of a cell that allegedly plotted to bring down transatlantic airliners will face a retrial , after a jury failed to reach verdicts this week , british prosecutors said wednesday .
a moroccan rights organization called wednesday for `` the immediate release '' of blogger mohamed <unk> , jailed this week for two years for showing disrespect to the king .
the us defense department has canceled a ## billion-dollar competition for a new air refueling tanker , leaving the politically charged decision to a new president .
at least ## people were killed in a massive rockslide that crushed dozens of homes in a cairo slum over the weekend , a security official said on wednesday , with the toll expected to rise further .
chad 's rebel leader and a prominent human rights lawyer blamed president idriss deby itno for the world bank 's decision to stop financing an oil pipeline deal , accusing him wednesday of stealing the money to pay for war .
archaeologists are a step closer to fully unravelling a ##-year mystery surrounding the discovery of broken early bronze age marble objects on a greek island , project sources said on wednesday .
the white house race plumbed new toxic depths wednesday as barack obama raged against john mccain for stooping to `` lies and phony outrage '' in response to the democrat 's mocking talk of `` lipstick on a pig .
the white house on wednesday welcomed `` positive '' comments from north korea 's number two leader on six-country efforts to end the secretive stalinist country 's nuclear weapons programs .
russia ruled out wednesday allowing eu observers into the georgian regions of south ossetia and abkhazia , contradicting claims by french president nicolas sarkozy over the mission .
the euro , <unk> by prospects of recession in the eurozone , fell to #.#### dollars in late afternoon trade wednesday , its lowest reading since october # , #### .
french president nicolas sarkozy and his wife carla bruni will welcome pope benedict xvi at the airport when he arrives in france on friday for his first visit , the presidency said .
european stock markets closed lower on wednesday , with london 's ftse ### index down #.## percent at #,###.## points .
us pop art giant jeff koons took the chateau of versailles by storm on wednesday , ruffling the stately pomp of the french royal court with his riotous , larger-than-life artwork .
president george w. bush declared an emergency in texas wednesday and state authorities began ordering evacuations as deadly hurricane ike churned in the gulf of mexico toward the us state .
seven members of an alleged cell accused of plotting to bring down transatlantic airliners will face a re-trial , after a jury failed to reach verdicts earlier this week , prosecutors said wednesday .
a top russian general threatened wednesday to target planned american missile shield sites in poland and the czech republic with ballistic missiles amid icy us-russia relations over georgia .
the war crimes court for the former yugoslavia granted a temporary release wednesday to <unk> president milan milutinovic for medical reasons , a court statement said .
the white house on wednesday said it disagreed with opec 's plans to cut oil output by half a million barrels a day , saying it wants to see more oil come to market , not less .
in villages in western georgia russian soldiers are packing up to leave , rolling up barbed wire and removing equipment , but the process is anything but fast , residents said wednesday .
john mccain decried barack obama 's use of the term `` lipstick on a pig '' as a sexist smear against his republican running mate sarah palin , a controversy dismissed wednesday by the democratic nominee as `` phony and foolish .
the united states will provide ## million dollars in aid to help storm-ravaged haiti recover from deadly tropical storms , white house spokeswoman dana perino said wednesday .
pakistan 's defense minister wednesday told the head of the german air force that civilian deaths from missile strikes by afghanistan-based forces could damage cooperation in the `` war on terror .
us stocks pared early gains wednesday as the market mulled struggling investment giant lehman brothers ' plans to sell assets to shore up its finances .
israel has recently foiled at least two attacks against its citizens abroad with the help of foreign security services , defense minister ehud barak said on wednesday .
the european union wants to boost its ties with oil-rich nigeria , its key partner on the continent , a top brussels official said on wednesday .
oil prices fell below ### dollars a barrel on wednesday after the us government revealed that stockpiles of distillates had fallen less than expected last week in the aftermath of hurricane gustav .
armenia has signed a deal to supply electricity to turkey , energy minister armen <unk> said wednesday , in the first tangible sign of a thaw in relations since an historic weekend visit by the turkish president .
georgia accused russian soldiers of violating a fragile truce on wednesday by killing a georgian policeman , as a major crack appeared in the eu-brokered ceasefire over the remit of eu observers .
the zimbabwe has licensed some shops to sell goods in foreign currency as it grapples with a burgeoning black market in basic commodities , a senior official said on wednesday .
kuwait said on wednesday it was considering alternatives to its widely criticised employee sponsor system after violent protests by foreign workers demanding better conditions .
turkish cypriot leader mehmet ali talat expressed hope wednesday that talks to unite the divided island of cyprus would be wrapped up by year 's end and a solution found by june next year .
a paris court refused wednesday to extradite to georgia an opposition activist and former defense minister convicted of corruption , his lawyer said .
ailing investment bank lehman brothers announced wednesday a series of asset sales to shore up its finances as it posted an estimated #.# billion-dollar quarterly loss .
the european commission said wednesday it was seeking information from the belgian authorities over complaints that french-speakers are discriminated against over public housing .
world food programme chief josette sheeran urged the european union wednesday to show bold leadership and unblock a billion euros in aid to help poor countries confront the global food crisis .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin thursday refused to rule out war with russia should georgia eventually join nato and then be invaded by moscow 's troops .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin vowed thursday she would not `` blink '' in pursuit of america 's `` righteous '' war in iraq and insisted she was ready to step in as president if needed .
zimbabwe 's political rivals clinched a powersharing agreement late thursday ending an ongoing political crisis in the southern african country .
argentina on thursday blasted the united states for accusations made during a miami trial that a suitcase filled with ###,### dollars stopped at buenos aires airport was an illicit campaign gift to president cristina kirchner from venezuela .
un chief ban ki-moon hailed the power-sharing deal reached by the zimbabwean government and its opposition in harare thursday and voiced hope it would pave the way for durable peace and recovery .
the united states on thursday ordered the expulsion of bolivia 's envoy to washington after bolivian president evo morales ordered the us ambassador to la paz to leave the country .
republican vice presidential pick sarah palin insisted in her first major television interview on thursday she was ready to step in as us president if necessary .
zimbabwe 's political rivals reached a power-sharing deal thursday in a bid to end a bitter crisis after marathon talks that centred on how much authority president robert mugabe would cede .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
us ambassador philip goldberg has up to ## hours to leave bolivia , the government of leftist president evo morales said thursday .
sarah palin is rejuvenating her republican running mate john mccain in three of the battleground states likely to decide his showdown with democrat barack obama , new polls showed thursday .
spain 's constitutional court ruled thursday that a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region is illegal .
us insurance giant aig and four of its former senior executives agreed to pay ### million dollars to settle claims stemming from charges of fraud , the investors ' law firm said thursday .
britain 's queen elizabeth ii was mistakenly sent #,### pints of beer when one of her royal residences was confused with a nearby pub , it emerged thursday .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama made a dramatic show of unity thursday with a visit to ground zero on the emotional seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
spain 's constitutional court ruled thursday that a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region is illegal .
in the latest sign of bollywood 's expanding reach , one of the industry 's biggest stars opened a new acting school in london on thursday that will tutor aspiring actors who hope to break into indian film .
the dollar shook off a weak report on the us trade deficit and held generally steady thursday as investors sought safety in the greenback from market turmoil .
roads and bridges leading from the us gulf coast were jammed thursday as hundreds of thousands fled in a mandatory evacuation of parts of houston , as deadly hurricane ike bore down on the texas metropolis .
zimbabwe 's political rivals reached a power-sharing deal thursday in a bid to end a bitter crisis after marathon negotiations that centred on how much power president robert mugabe would cede .
afghan president hamid karzai thursday welcomed a new us `` war on terror '' focus on pakistan 's border areas as more deadly violence underscored rampant militancy seven years after the #\/## attacks .
lehman brothers shares plunged further thursday as fears intensified about the survival of the troubled wall street investment giant .
rescuers evacuated dozens of truck drivers from the channel tunnel on thursday after an explosion and fire on a freight shuttle injured ## people and forced the closure of the undersea link , officials said .
spain 's constitutional court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist-minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region , a court source said .
us stocks staged a late rebound thursday as the market bounced off lows , shaking off fears about the financial sector and a battle for survival by investment giant lehman brothers .
the continued overfishing of bluefin tuna in the mediterranean is a `` disgrace '' and all fishing of the species in the region must be suspended immediately , a panel said thursday .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama paid homage at ground zero together thursday on the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
spanish king juan carlos and prime minister jose luis rodriguez zapatero attended a memorial service thursday for the ### victims of last month 's spanair jet crash , spain 's worst air accident in ## years .
a us air force plane left new zealand for antarctica early friday on a key mission that could pave the way for year-round flights to the bottom of the world .
ireland 's national sail training yacht foundered off the northwestern coast of france thursday , forcing its ## crew to take to <unk> , french maritime officials said .
white house rivals john mccain and barack obama visited ground zero together on thursday to commemorate the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
former president bill clinton said thursday barack obama would win november 's election `` handily '' as he prepared to bring his vaunted campaign skills to bear on behalf of his heir as democratic leader .
spain 's supreme court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist - minded basque country to hold a referendum next month on the political future of the region , a court source said .
us stocks staged a late rebound thursday as the market bounced off lows , shaking off fears about the financial sector and investment giant lehman brothers 's battle for survival .
barack obama , the democratic candidate for the white house , arrived thursday at ground zero in new york where he was due to pay homage to the dead along with his republican rival john mccain .
russia condemned thursday the `` unfriendly '' stance of ukraine over the war in georgia and its treatment of ethnic russians , fuelling tensions in what is feared could be the region 's next flashpoint .
oil prices tumbled thursday as the dollar rallied and demand worries outweighed a powerful hurricane ike barreling through the <unk> gulf of mexico .
spain 's supreme court thursday blocked a plan by authorities in the separatist - minded basque country to hold a referendum in october on the political future of the region , a court source said .
zimbabwe 's opposition leader morgan tsvangirai thursday said there was a `` deal '' on power-sharing to end a ruinous political crisis as he emerged from a meeting with president robert mugabe .
deadly clashes in bolivia thursday stoked fears of further widespread unrest and possibly even civil war , amid a furor over the expulsion of the us ambassador to the country .
russian troops labored thursday over a tentative pull-out from georgia as moscow vowed to strengthen its military after last month 's war and turned its diplomatic fire on ukraine .
john mccain and barack obama observed a brief truce thursday in the rancorous white house race , joining ground zero ceremonies for the seventh anniversary of the #\/## terrorist attacks .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how to share power in a future unified state , their first substantive negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
sure to irk us evangelicals , muslims and hasidic jews alike , satirist bill maher aims to subvert what he claims is mankind 's biggest threat : organized religion .
the official death toll from moscow 's military operation in georgia was thursday revised to ## soldiers , five less than previously announced .
a global forum on migration began thursday in spain and was set to call on european nations to ratify a #### un convention on the rights of migrants , organisers said .
the gulf of mexico , where hurricane ike churned thursday , is a hub of the us petroleum industry where a quarter of us crude oil is produced and ## percent of refinery capacity is concentrated .
a `` tsunami '' of films premiering this week at the toronto film festival explore mankind 's destruction of the environment and efforts around the world to save it , organizers said thursday .
eu foreign ministers are set to beef up sanctions against zimbabwe next week , frustrated by the lack of political progress there , european diplomats said thursday .
the gulf of mexico , where hurricane ike churned thursday , is a hub of the us petroleum industry where a quarter of us crude oil is produced and ## percent of refinery capacity is concentrated .
twelve socialist opposition activists jailed on charges of inciting unrest in yemen were freed on thursday after being pardoned by president ali abdullah saleh , official and opposition sources said .
rival cypriot leaders began talks on thursday on how to share power in a future unified state , their first <unk> negotiations in a bid to end the mediterranean island 's ##-year division .
archaeologists in greece have unearthed more than #,### ancient graves and tombs during excavation work for a new metro in the northern city of salonika , the culture ministry said on thursday .